Information


Table of Contents URL: https://novelbin.me/novel-book/epic-of-summoner-supreme-summoner-system-in-the-apocalypse#tab-chapters-title



The Great One Above All Creation has decided that there were too many Dimensions.

His solution? He had decided to merge them and make their inhabitants fight for total supremacy, ensuing an interdimensional event of cataclysmic proportions, the Ragnarok.

And the winner of this event would be able to keep their dimension from imminent destruction!

Amongst the many inhabitants of countless worlds, there were a selected hundred named “Players” who were given a special System Ticket.

Gustav is one of such Players, thrown into the interdimensional apocalypse, he will use the System he acquired through the System Ticket to crawl his way to the top!

He can not only summon powerful beings that can level up and evolve at his side, but he can also fuse them or even extract their Skills, having endless possibilities!

Watch as one man and his loyal summons conquer the world, the galaxy, the universe, and then the dimensions in this fast-paced and action-packed epic tale.





Chapter 1 - Ragnarok


.

.

.

United States, New York, 5:12 AM.

It was a day like any other.

It was around 5:12 AM, and I had just finished writing the last two chapters for my fourth web novel.

Honestly, I don't know how I even got the strength to write so much.

But here I am, doing it anyway. I am really such an idiot, huh?

I can't blame anyone for this other than myself…

Well, what do you want me to say? I love writing! It's my passion! I love my characters!

I wish I could be in such worlds… life here is so dull.

Well, it was.

Now that I write so much, I can be in all sorts of different worlds and scenarios, the fun never ends.

But well, it is already pretty late, time to take to sleep only to wake up tomorrow morning and write… more.

Haha… This is the life of your web novelist.

I glance a bit at the window, the night is pretty beautiful today.

Man, I haven't gone out for a while now…

Earning money through writing and all, I have simply isolated myself inside of my every house.

Well, I was always a big Neet, but now, I am an enormous neet!

And a neet that works for himself as well!

With money like this, I can just order food every day easily, and literally, order anything to my house. I don't need to get out at all.

I am living the neet dream.

I live in this apartment by myself, since I left the orphanage around 4 years ago.

And well, one year ago I started writing Epic of Caterpillar, my first novel, and the most popular of the four (five, actually).

To think that I started writing it for shit and giggles, and now it became kind of my career.

Damn, how things change sometimes.

I really thought I would be a worthless piece of shit my entire life, but now I am earning big bucks by writing about an eldritch abomination taking the mortal shell of a seductive vampire fairy.

Thought… I am lonely…

I often fantasize about meeting the characters I create… To be their friends, or even as outstandingly as this may sound, to be their lovers.

Yeah, pretty cringe I know, but I bet most people have even cringier fantasies anyways.

But this is all mere fiction, it would never happen.

This is the dull… real life, where nothing fantastical actually happens, it is just me, my dull life, and my books.

And my wrists which are screaming in pain!

Okay, okay, I am almost done with this chapter!

And… there.

Damn, Frank, you have grown so much now…

Frank is the protagonist of my third novel named "My World Traveling System".

Yeah, cliché name, but that's how it is.

I enjoy writing about him.

Anyways, time to go take a nap.

I check my phone for a bit… there are some new notifications on the webnovel page… Oh, more comments…

[My World Traveling System Chapter 6]

[Deeznuts69: "What a dumbass, why is he being like that? Can't this dumbass act more intelligent? Also why can't be he by himself? I hate side characters…"]

…

Alright, time to close the app.

Haha… life is like that sometimes.

As I close my eyes, I dream once more about somehow being able to meet my novel main characters.

Really, I am such an idiot…

Maybe I should take the day off tomorrow and watch some anime to freshen the mind and get some new ideas.

…

[Day 1]

Yawn, I slept well.

So today is… Friday, alright.

I quickly jump into the bathroom and go take a shower.

Phew, warm water always works with tired and pained wrists.

Now I feel more than anew!

Time to write like an insane person for hours, yay!

Wait, wasn't I going to take a break?

Breaks are for the weak anyway.

Ding!

Hm?

What was that?

I glance around my surroundings, but I don't see anything.

Am I hallucinating?

Perhaps I shouldn't take painkillers whenever my wrists hurt too much, they're fucking my mind!

Ding!

What?!

Ding!

Eh?!

I quickly look around my slightly clean room, I don't find anything.

What is that damn sound? Something outside?

I quickly run into my room and suddenly see my reflection in the mirror.

Slightly brown skin that seems more like a tan, short black hair, black eyes… eh, the same average dumbass.

Ding!

Agh, where?!

Ding! Ding! Ding!

What with the ringing sound?!

Suddenly, I am startled by a holographic window that emerges right in front of my face.

The horror is so big I jump and fall into my butt over the floor.

Ouch.

I slowly stare at the… thing in front of me.

I begin to think that I might be dreaming.

Yeah, this is definitely a dream.

No way in hell this is real.

Life is boring, dull, and non-fantastical.

All of this is complete fantasy, my own mind, I am… dreaming.

Yeah…

The window floats near me, as many texts appear.

This is definitely a System window.

[Congratulations [Gustav], you have been selected for the Interdimensional Event [Ragnarök]!]

Excuse me?

Ragnarök?

Did I read that right?

Wait, Interdimensional Event?!

I stare at the holographic window in shock, I don't get this at all.

[Ragnarök] is the Interdimensional Event designed by the [Great Supreme Above All Creation]!]

[He had decided that the lowly dimensions are way too annoying, so he had decided to merge them and make each population fight for supremacy!]

[The winners get to keep their dimension from imminent destruction!]

[Ragnarök shall commence in 6 Days, 13 Hours, and 42 minutes]

[You have been selected as the [Player #15]!]

[You have been given a [Supreme System Ticket]!]

[Please, use the ticket inside of the pocket of your pants to get a System designed especially for you to get a head start!]

[The [Great Supreme Above All Creation] has great expectations for you!]

[Good luck!]

…

What?

Okay.

Calm down.

I pinch my arms, it hurts.

I pinch harder, it hurts more.

I literally punch myself.

Ouch, that hurts.

Okay, this is not a dream.

This is… real life.

Without realizing it, my life was about to be thrown completely upside down.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 2 - Using The System Ticket!


.

.

.

I still can't believe what is going on.

But this is, undoubtedly, real life.

Had just woken up like any other day.

I walked to the bathroom, took a bath, then headed to the kitchen to have some kick breakfast, cereal, and milk as always. Maybe an apple too.

But before I could even reach the kitchen, I started to hear dinging sounds.

A holographic window suddenly showed up right in front of my face and began to talk with a feminine mechanical voice.

The Ragnarök was coming.

Whoever this "Great Supreme Above All Creation" was… he was not fucking around anymore.

He decided that all the dimensions that were worthless were going to merge, and their populations were going to fight for supremacy.

Whoever stands at the end… wins, and keeps their dimension from being obliterated alongside the other fused ones.

But how does that even work if the dimensions are all fused?

Well, if that dude has the power to destroy whole dimensions I won't doubt that he might have the power to separate them back and destroy them as he goes.

Why am I believing all of this so fast? I don't know. Maybe I have always wanted this, I am a bit edgy, maybe.

But the thing is… my heart is beating a lot.

I quickly find that there is indeed something inside of my pocket.

I slowly move my hand to it and grasp it.

It is… something like a plastic voucher.

I take it out and its splendor almost blinds me.

It shines with the colors of the rainbow.

It has big letters saying, "Supreme System Ticket".

It begins to glow with a faint yet mystical aura… This thing is real-life fantasy. I can clearly see it just by looking at this and sensing whatever this presence is.

A chill runs through my spine as my eyes can't stop glaring at the item.

There are a few small letters that I can read as well…

They say: "Simply will it to use this item. After using it, a special Supreme System will be designed and given to you. The Supreme System will be planted into your Soul Origin, and cannot be taken away from you through common means".

Eh? This… doesn't answer most of the questions inside of my mind!

How do this even works?!

From where do I get the power to ever acquire the System?

No, no, I don't have to get like this.

I should simply use it and stop fucking around… If that counter were right, I only have 6 days to prepare for the "merge" between Dimensions, I would assume.

And then… shit will get real.

I have read and written enough novels to know what might happen.

Gates opening everywhere, monsters and other creatures from different dimensions getting inside, complete chaos, the apocalypse.

People all around will begin to die, and the strong extra-dimensional entities will begin conquering this world.

I have to get as much of an advantage as I can, by any means possible.

I don't waste any other second as I put my intent into the ticket.

Use it!

FLASH!

It suddenly begins to glow.

The rainbow light encompasses my entire body, I am engulfed in pure light.

The light suddenly compacts itself, however, until it takes the size of a grain of rice.

It quickly rushes inside of my very body, flowing towards the depths of my very being.

Before this, I didn't even believe that Souls really existed… But now that I am sensing this speck of light reach it, I can really see that it does exist.

My soul… so souls really do exist.

Amazing.

My soul is rather small, however, it resembles a tiny, white-colored flame.

When the speck of light reaches it, it merges with my soul.

FLASH!

Ungh…

I don't feel any pain, but there is indeed a feeling of discomfort.

It feels as if something was touching my very being, what makes my existence real.

However, the discomfort fades away almost immediately.

A rush of power encompasses my entire being.

I almost feel like passing out.

And I do…

…

Ugh.

Eh? Where am I?

Suddenly, as I passed out due to the amount of energy, I wake up in a completely black space.

[System Seed has been successfully planted]

[Initiating System Circuits]

In front of me, a sudden floating cube made of blue-colored crystal glows constantly.

It suddenly begins to expand various circuits all around this black space.

[System Assimilation Success]

[Welcome, [Player #15: Gustav], this is your [Supreme System] assigned A.I.]

It can talk…

Ugh, no, I hate annoying Systems that speak and insult the protagonist…

[My independent thought process is only limited to the System, I was made to not interfere with your daily life nor to annoy you in any shape or form]

Well, that's convenient.

So what's up? What do you do? What's the special thing?

[The System has been implanted into the user's soul, but the system must first take a glance at the user's mind and memories and determine the best and most fitting System for him]

Are you kidding me? No! Don't look at my memories!

[Then there is no System for you]

Okay, look at my memories…

I quickly give up on it. If I can get power from this… look at my damn memories, fine.

[Initiating…]

Flash!

A sudden force begins to enter my very mind.

Suddenly, a massive series of images emerge, coming right out of my mind.

These are my memories, all of them.

They flow like constant images, like videos, perhaps.

And the light that is taking them out is constantly seeing them all, analyzing…

This is nothing but terrifying.

But I brace myself.

After a while, it finally ends.

My head hurts.

I glance at the holographic window in front of me within this black landscape, which is most probably some kind of representation of the interior of my soul or something.

[90%... 94%... 99%... 100%]

Ding!

[Analysis complete]

[Your greatest desires are as follows]

[To never be alone]

[To find a girlfriend]

[To have strength]

[To explore other worlds]

[To meet your fictional created characters]

[To own every character in a gacha]

Eh?! Do you have to show it to me? That's embarrassing. For fuck's sake…

Wait, gacha?!

Yeah, I played gacha games before, but I have already rehabilitated from that dark past!

[Generating System Synapsis for the desired System type…]

Ding!

[You have been granted the [Supreme Gacha System]!]

What.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 3 - Prepare For The Ragnarok! Daily Dungeons And Tasks!


.

.

.

What did this System mean by never being alone?

I am perfectly fine by myself.

People in this world are horrible anyway, why would I want to be with anyone?

I… I might sound edgy but that's just what's on my mind.

Growing in an orphanage is not the same as growing as a normie-ass kid.

I'm done with shitty people.

I guess that's why I enclosed myself in my apartment and rarely go out…

I have… always feared the outside world and all of the damn people.

Is there anyone that is actually good? I have never seen someone that is not a scummy piece of shit.

But yeah… now things are about to change… with the sudden Ragnarök and everything…

I might be forced to get out of my cage and confront the world outside.

I cant' help but feel nervous.

At least I hope this "gacha system" can help me on something at the very least.

I suddenly wake up, everything seems peaceful and normal as always.

No aliens are invading the city or anything.

Maybe it was all just a dream?

Just to shatter that thought, a holographic window emerges right in front of me…

Ding!

[You have acquired the [Supreme Gacha System]!]

[You can now gather [Orbs] through a series of different tasks given by the System to summon the Heroes of your fictional stories!]

[Additionally, you can check your own status by just thinking about it]

[You can gather other types of currency and materials to upgrade your Heroes or your equipment and Skills]

[You can also enter the [Daily Dungeons] to farm Materials, Gold, and Orbs, alongside gaining Experience Points!]

[There are only 6 days left, prepare well, [Player #15]!]

…

Aaah… So it is really a Gacha System, it even has the damn Daily Dungeons where you can farm items and gold…

I don't know if I should feel good or bad.

But it is an amazing power, nonetheless.

So, where's my newbie starting pack?

Nothing?

Not even a damn ticket?

Alright, show me my Status.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 0]

[Gold: 0]

[Hero Feathers: 0]

[Job: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 0]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [01/10]

[Vitality: [10/10]

[Mana: [1.000/1.000]

[Strength: [10]

[Magic: [150]

[Dexterity: [15]

[Skills: [Summon]

[Summoned Heroes: None.

…

Huh… I suck I guess.

Wait… 1000 MANA?!

And… 150 Magic?!

Oh, I see. I guess it is THAT type of trope.

Sometimes, when the main character gets their status, they suck balls.

But they are always, somehow, amazing at magic… Although they have never ever used it.

I guess I am experiencing this type of trope, how amusing.

I guess I need a bunch of Mana to keep my summons going… So it makes sense to be gifted this much.

Anyways, what do I do?

I don't have any offensive Skill, I got high Magic Stat, but I can't summon a hero I don't even have.

Come on, System, gift me at least a 1 Star one!

…

Nothing?

Sigh… No easy beginning for me I guess.

So what do I do?

I remember it said something about Daily Dungeons…

Let's see…

Okay System, show me the Daily Dungeons.

[Daily Dungeons]

[Gold Dungeon (Beginner Difficulty) (0/3)] [First Completion Bonus: 3 Orbs]

[EXP Dungeon (Beginner Difficulty) (0/3)] [First Completion Bonus: 3 Orbs]

[Skill Points Dungeon (Beginner Difficulty) (0/3)] [First Completion Bonus: 3 Orbs]

Ooh.

Just like in gacha games, you have daily dungeons you can visit to get fundamental materials for your Heroes to grow stronger.

The game developers are always scummy, so to not make it easy for you, you can only enter a designed amount of time per day, that way, they control the pace at which you grow stronger with your party. The easy way to increase your progression speed is by, obviously, spending money. And through this scummy service, they gain a crapload of money.

Gacha games are so successful because they don't take as much money to make as console games and make around x1000 the money the developers used to make them

Indeed, this is the same.

What a scummy System…

But there are three dungeons, and I can enter three times per day, meaning that I can enter a dungeon 9 times a day, that's a lot, nonetheless.

Alright then… Wait, wouldn't I die if I enter as I am?

At least, I have to somehow prepare.

I only have 10 Strengths though… Is that enough to kill Beginner Monsters?

I can get Orbs by completing these Dungeons once, but then what?

Where can I get more Orbs?!

Maybe more opportunities will unlock as I do them?

Are there any tasks?

Ding!

[Daily Tasks]

[Defeat 10 Foes: 1 Orb]

[Defeat 20 Foes: 1000 Gold]

[Defeat 30 Foes: 1000 Hero Feathers]

…

So only one Orb daily?

Is there… Main Tasks? I remember there were always daily quests and main quests.

Ding!

[Main Tasks]

[Complete Tutorial Dungeon: 20 Orbs]

[Summon a Hero: 5 Orbs]

[Complete Gold, EXP, and Skill Points Dungeon Once Each: 20 Orbs, 5000 Gold, 5000 Hero Feathers]

[Level Up a Hero to Level 5: 10 Orbs, [Random Item Box] x2]

Oh yeah, nice.

Now we are talking, System. I really thought you would throw me into a dungeon to just die!

Alright then, let's visit that Tutorial Dungeon first to get 20 sweet Orbs.

First of all, I am going to wear some better clothes and… probably pack a knife, an improvised shield, or something more to protect myself… Maybe that old metal bat I got too.

…

After a few minutes, I am ready.

I got into decent clothes and I am ready… with a metal bat at my hand.

I also packed a few liters of water, some snacks, and a lot of other essential stuff in the System Inventory, which I discovered while I was preparing.

It is the typical cheat Inventory with infinite slots, so I can store as much as I desire.

"Alright System, throw me into the Tutorial Dungeon…" I said rather timidly and nervous, as the System immediately obeys my command.

Ding!

[Generating Dungeon Gate…]

[Complete, good luck!]

FLASH!

A sudden crack in space itself emerges right in front of my eyes, I almost jump out of surprise.

A gate appears, like twisting colors, a portal that leads me to another place…

I brace myself while swallowing saliva, and step in.

Yeah, I guess I am not writing novels anymore…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 4 - The Tutorial Dungeon!


.

.

.

Ding!

[Welcome to the Tutorial Dungeon generated specifically by the System to guide you!]

[Through this Dungeon, you will have to complete 4 Different Rooms, in each room, you will be able to learn something important about exploring Dungeons and using your abilities]

[Make sure to pay good attention, and don't let those monsters eat you alive]

[There are no seconds chances, and the System is not responsible if you die]

[Good luck!]

Good luck my ass!

You just tell me I don't get a second life or something now?

Well, I had guessed that it would be crude and harsh, this world is never going to do what you think it will do.

Everything is always made to make you suffer, there is literally no way to find happiness other than paving some way yourself, with blood, sweat, and tears.

I guess I had a dim hope of having some way to help me when I get into a sticky situation… But I guess this just sucks.

Like always, I guess. Life always sucks.

Well, it was thanks to making my wrist suffer so much writing every day that I found a way to get my own income and survive.

But I hate this world so much that I caged myself inside my room to not get out.

Now, it seems that everything fantastical is real, and there is this God Wannabe who got bored of all these dimensions sucking so much so he decided to merge them into complete insanity and see who survives at the end.

Truly, God-sama is really someone insightful!

Instead of trying to help us, the bastard just decides to kill us.

Really, he doesn't fail the image he gave out in the bible…

Anyways, enough inner monologue and ramblings of an autistic loser like me, time to get shit done.

If this motherfucker wants me to survive, I will show that I can survive, and shove a large stick up his ass when I finally meet him.

I glance around my surroundings as I see that my sight changed in an instant.

I am now in what seems to be an enclosed room of no more than 20 meters cubic.

It is made of old, brown-colored bricks, and covered on moo all over the place.

There is the scent of dirt that I have not smelled in a while… Makes me remember the times I was always beaten in the orphanage, such good memories.

Well, that's long in the past…

Sooo, this is the dungeon, huh?

The System said there were four rooms, so I guess this is room number 1.

There is a certain aura of something strange around here, and the portal behind me immediately disappears too, I am trapped inside.

A second after, another System window startles me.

Ding!

[Welcome to Room 1 of the Tutorial Dungeon!]

[In here, you will learn about Monsters and how to deal with them!]

[It is pretty easy, you must beat them to death!]

Oh yeah? No shit Sherlock.

Poof! Poof! Poof!

Suddenly, three magic circle-looking things emerge on the floor a few meters from me, as three shadows begin to be summoned…

Three tiny shadows, in fact. With long horns and long ears.

Oh, don't tell me these are the…

Ding!

[Defeat these Three Level 1 Horned Rabbits!]

[Make sure to strike them in the head for extra damage!]

[They have specific attack patterns, make sure to memorize them and use them to your advantage!]

I knew it.

Horned Rabbits, one of the typical trash level 1 mob that most main characters inside of Isekai or LitRPG Novels find aside from Goblins.

They always seem trashy, but they often surprise the main character due to their speed, and their strong horns that can pierce through flesh rather easily.

"Kyuuu!"

The three rabbits roar adorably, as they rush towards me while their crimson eyes gleam eerily.

They are going for the kill!

I quickly begin to run around, managing to evade their powerful charge.

One of them hits the wall behind me while another falls over the ground and rolls.

The third one however realizes my movement in time and darts towards me.

Its sharp horn almost piercing my legs, as I quickly jump timidly, evading it by a pinch!

Shit.

Things got real really fast.

I had woken up today quite relaxedly, and I am already fighting for my fucking life.

It was my choice to enter here, so I have to deal with it.

Come on, don't be a pushover, let's get this over with.

I see the rabbit runs ahead of me just after I jumped and evaded its horn, it hits the wall ahead of me with a loud bump!

They are indeed fast and deadly, but they don't know how to correctly calculate how fast they are running away, they end up hitting the walls due to that.

Maybe in their original habitat, they would be harder to deal with, but this enclosed room is actually making it hard for these monsters who exceed on running around and charge against their foes.

I quickly run towards the horned rabbit in front of me, raise my bat, and mercilessly beat it with it.

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.

I keep hitting it mercilessly, I am not giving it any time to retaliate.

I have to survive.

Sorry, not sorry.

Crack!

I heard the cracking sound of bones breaking, as a chill runs through my spine...

"Kyyuuuu…!"

The rabbit leaves a last howl of pain as it explodes into black smoke.

Oh, so they are that type of monster… I guess because they are dungeon-generated, they are not real after they die.

However, it leaves a small prize, a few gold coins.

Alongside this, I feel like some kind of energy rushes into me.

Ding!

[You gained a little bit of EXP!]

[You gained +1 Skill Points!]

I gained Skill Points and EXP! And this is gold, which I quickly throw inside my Inventory.

So I gain 1 Skill Point per kill?

What can I even use them for?

"Kyuuuuuuu!"

Sadly, there was no time to question this, as the other two-horned rabbits rush towards me after recovering, furious about their comrade dying miserably.

Two more… Let's do this.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 5 - Really? A Trap Room?


.

.

.

The two-horned rabbits ran towards me as if their life depended on it.

Their crimson eyes gleam with malice, as they rush together with their sharp horns!

If they were to hit me right now, they would easily impale me to death.

But I quickly dart away and evade them!

They might be a bit faster than me, but they have a very hard time changing the direction of their charge.

I can easily jump and evade them on time, but the bad thing is that they are way too coordinated now.

They keep chasing after me.

After I evade them, they stop and quickly run back to me.

But something seems off, they seem to be using a pattern.

Just like the System told me, they don't really seem like living beings.

Living beings always do many things, unpredictable ones, they also often learn and try to attack you differently.

But these guys keep doing the same thing over and over again, with the same exact pattern.

They are just like a game mob.

I abuse this, of course, as I used to be a decent gamer before becoming a web novelist.

Though I am quite rusty because I haven't played many games since I started writing, the knowledge I got seems to be helping in this situation.

The rabbits run towards me as I stay still.

I let them approach me and at the very last second…

Jump!

I put all of my strength into my tired legs and jump quite high… is this the boost of the system stats?

Then, I land on the left side, while the rabbits were not able to change their direction nor stop in time, and hit the wall right behind me.

They ran so fast that their horns get stuck into the walls.

I glance at them with a malicious smile, as I raise my bloody bat.

Bye.

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

I quickly make the rabbits into pulp, and right after, they explode into black smoke…

Oof.

I somehow did this.

I quickly gather the gold coins as I see that I gained a bit more EXP and two more Skill Points, I have now three… I don't think it amounts to anything, I bet Skills will cost like 100 Skill Points or more.

These Systems are always scummy, but that is often a sign of a good story, if the main character is helped too much by the System, the story really becomes dull and boring, the guy got to have the challenge to make it fun, right?

How can you keep your audience entertained if you don't bring them the action they crave from their boring daily lives where nothing supernatural happens?

I guess I am not such a main character…

Ugh, I know this is not a novel or something, but god, give me a better cheat.

Ding!

[Congratulations, you have completed Room 1!]

[Monsters are the primary enemy in all dungeons, getting to know and realize their attack patterns to win against them is the way to go!]

[Now, proceed to Room 2 for your next challenge]

Suddenly, a large door opens up in front of me, right in the wall.

I sigh.

I quickly open my Inventory as I drink almost a whole liter of water, I am beaten.

I don't think I have run like this in a while.

I also eat an apple to feel a bit more refreshed, I didn't have breakfast but was too hyped that I completely forgot to eat something before entering, although I didn't forget to pack food, how weird.

Phew.

I rest a few minutes until I feel ready.

Alright, let's go.

I step into the next room as the door behind me closes immediately.

Ding!

[Welcome to Room 2!]

[In this room of the Tutorial Dungeon, you will learn about traps!]

[Traps are scattered all over the place, and you need to discern them with your sight]

[A slightly tall brick in the floor, or a strange protuberance on the wall. Sometimes traps come in all shapes and sizes]

[There is a chest in front of you, can you grab it while evading the traps? You will be able to complete the room by doing so!]

[Good luck!]

Good luck my ass! This is horrendous!

What am I supposed to do now?

I glance at the room.

It is the same as before, and there doesn't seem to be anything bad or weird about it.

But indeed, I have to discern it with my sight.

So I keep looking around me, I keep looking.

I have to look at everything.

But everything seems… normal.

Where exactly are the traps?

I walk a few steps ad nothing.

Maybe the system was trying to fuck with my mind?

No, I believe it was serious, I don't have to underestimate it.

The chest is just a few meters away from me.

I slowly step around, making sure to look for anything weird.

Click.

What?

I suddenly realize I stepped over a slightly taller brick on the floor.

How would I have known?!

It was less than a centimeter taller!

Click, click, click!

Suddenly, a whole ass mechanism activates, and the walls suddenly open up, and arrows begin being shot at me!

Fuck!

I quickly run towards the chest, but out of desperation and ineptitude, I keep activating more traps!

WHOOM!

A whole log almost hits me and crushes me to death!

And when I ducked to evade it, a sharp pain takes hold of my back, as I see an arrow deeply encrusted on my flesh!

AAGH!

I quickly run as fast as possible, to the chest, to the damn chest!

However, as I keep walking, suddenly, the floor changes, and large needles begin to pop up every few seconds!

My feet are suddenly pierced by them and the pain is so horrendous I almost pass out!

Shit...

I am… so close!

My hand faintly touches the chest with my index finger.

Click, click, click…

Suddenly, all traps deactivate and go back to normal.

My entire body is showered in blood and pain.

I have to treat these wounds…

Ugh…

Ding!

[Congratulations, you have somehow survived!]

[Every time there is a chest near a trap, it often means that it has a healing potion to help you after you got through that hell!]

[Open the chest and heal yourself]

Are you serious?

What a sadistic System…

I slowly open the damn chest, and there it is, a few gold coins and… a beautiful vial filled with blue-colored liquid.

I grab it and drink it all.

Sweet.

Suddenly, a faint blue glow covers my wounds, as I take away the arrow from my back pain, and the pain slowly recedes.

The blood stops flowing out of the wounds, and the wounds slowly heal, but not completely straight away.

Nonetheless… it is better than nothing.

Ahh… And there are two more rooms? I am going to die before finishing this… I want to summon a waifu for fuck's sake.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 6 - Level Up, Totems, And More


-----

I heal myself with the potion, which had a sweet flavor and blue color and then decide to drink some more blood.

I glance around the room, everything seems back to normal, the traps had been deactivated when I touched the chest, how miraculous.

This room is similar to the first one, it is around 20 x 20 and made entirely out of old brown bricks covered in mold. There are faint lights emanated from six torches stuck to the left and right walls.

There is a strange and cold atmosphere to this whole thing, which only makes me feel more uncomfortable.

My entire body aches, I am incredibly tired.

So this is the challenge I have to go through before getting to summon something, gods.

And this is the tutorial dungeon?

How will I be able to complete the next two rooms?

What if I meet a Boss monster? How can I even beat a Boss Monster myself?

I would quite literally just die, drop dead.

Well, I discovered something while resting near the chest.

[Time Limit: 46 Minutes]

There is a time limit to enter Dungeons, this little tamer has been resting above my head all this time and I just noticed.

If I don't complete the dungeon in an hour, I will be thrown away back from where I came from.

In theory, if I want to quit, I can just sleep here for 46 minutes.

But what would be the point in that?

In six days and a few hours, the world will most likely end and chaos will unfold everywhere.

I don't want to waste a single opportunity to grow stronger until then.

I really don't.

I slowly stand up as my body still aches a bit, but I endure the pain ad clench my fists.

I am going to grab those 20 Orbs at all costs.

As a summoner that gets monsters through a gacha, the most obvious thing I need to do is to… well, summon.

I suck by my won, but my strength is within summoning beings that can aid me… through gacha hell.

Maybe I could also get body tempering items through the Gacha? That would be certainly nice.

…But I shouldn't get my hopes up.

A smile surges through my lips as I glance at the door with blazing resolve.

Very well then, bring it on, Room 3.

I move my legs as I step into the new room, a second after, the door behind me closes and disappears, leaving the empty wall behind…

The room seems… normal, like all the ones before.

Ding!

[Welcome to Room 3 of the Tutorial Dungeon!]

[In this room, you will learn about the importance of totems]

Totems?

[Totems are special structures you can randomly find inside dungeon rooms, which grant a varied array of boosts into your Stats or even heal your HP and MP!]

Seriously? This is the first time that it is something nice.

[However, Totems are rare, and often are protected by a large band of monsters, be careful!]

[Defeat all monsters and use the Totems to your advantage!]

[Good luck!]

Suddenly, right after the System said "good luck!" sadistically, several magic circles emerge over the floor all around the room.

Three large pillars made of blue, semi-transparent jewels appeared in the middle and at the left and right corner of the room right in front of me.

They had a large, green-colored crystal ball atop them, these must be the Totems, they all had some kind of strange presence, even magical…

And then, the other magic circles summoned my foes… 10 Horned Rabbits.

I can see why I would need the damn totems to fight them, they are way too many!

The adorable, white-furred rabbits with gleaming crimson eyes and large horns glare at me with bloodthirst.

They are perhaps only of the size of a house cat, but they are quite strong and fast!

They all begin to charge directly at me, 10 of them at the same time!

I quickly jump away with all of my might, and then I see how the rabbits trip all over the other.

Because they obey the same pattern, they get into the way of their ally without realizing it and end up ruining their charge.

I see two rabbits that were rolled into the ground near me, and I took this opportunity as the opportunistic bastard I am.

I move my legs with all of my strength as I heard the sound of my sneakers hitting the cold floor of the dungeon, my steps reach the rabbit nearest to me, as I raise my arms and my bloody bat gleam through the reflected light from the torches!

Here we go!

I move my bat into the rabbit's body, hitting it continuously, each hit cracks something inside the rabbit, and I hit it four times in a row!

Crash! Crash! Crash! Crash!

Those were around 6 seconds, the rabbit quickly explodes into black smoke, as I feel the rush of Experience Points fill my body.

[You gained a small amount of EXP]

[You gained +1 Skill Point]

[You leveled up to Level 2!]

[All of your Stats have increased!]

[Your health and mana have been recovered!]

Oh? Finally, I leveled up.

I needed to kill four of these rascals, I guess.

Also, it seems that level ups recover HP and MP, that's incredibly convenient.

"KYUUU!"

The rabbit that was near me that had also rolled had already gotten back up, and so did the pile of 8 rabbits behind him.

They glare at me with anger as they rush towards me together!

I clench my teeth as I begin to run away for my life once more.

I suddenly feel as if I am… slightly lighter?

And also strangely more perceptive.

Is this the almighty power of leveling up?

Indeed, it said that all my Stats increased, but I have no time to check how much exactly!

I glare behind me as the rabbits approach me, I quickly jump to the left, and the rabbits all hit the wall behind me, many rolling out once more.

I guess this is the pattern I have to use, let them charge, hit the wall, roll out while feeling dizzy, and then I kill them one by one!

A sick smile emerges on my face as I have figured out the way out of this situation.

However, I find that there is a totem near me, and I quickly touch it to see its effects!

Ding!

[You have touched the [Strength and Dexterity Totem]! Strength and Dexterity +20% for 10 minutes]

A faint light rushes into my body as it enhances my entire body.

The totem light and luster quickly fade away, as if it had been turned off.

So this is the power of totems!

I quickly move near the rabbit in front of me who had rolled and was still quite dizzy, as my eyes gleam with malice. I raise my bat and hit it with all my strength!

CRASH!

"KYUUU…!"

The rabbit groans in pain as I crushed its head… it was one hit kill!

More EXP rushes into my body as I glance at the prey in front of me, with 8 more to go.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 7 - Victory!


.

.

.

I brace myself, as I can feel the exhilarating feeling of new energy rushing through my body. Touching that totem made me feel even stronger… this feels like some kind of magic drug.

When I was in the orphanage I experienced a bunch of things, that place was a literal hellhole. And trying out drugs was not something rare.

Although I only tried them once because the effects were horrible, I know this feeling feels like… as if I had smelled a bit of cocaine. That exhilarating feeling, as if my entire senses were sharpening, my strength was surging, and I could do anything now.

No, I have to calm myself down.

Let's not get this temporary strength get into my head, the rabbits are rushing back at me!

I run away for my life, there's no way I can resist all the rabbits running towards me, they would easily impale me to death.

I see the group of eight horned rabbits following the same pattern, as they begin to chase me down.

I quickly reach the wall nearest to me, as the rabbits follow me without even changing their pattern.

I jump to the side, and the horned rabbits had put too much speed into their charge, and all hit the wall, some even get stuck, while others begin to roll away.

I smile maliciously as I approach them, I raise my bat and massacre three rabbits in just a few seconds, their blood splattering everywhere as their bodies explode into black smoke, 5 to go.

I step back as the rabbits begin to rush towards me, those that rolled too far which I was not able to kill yet charges towards me from my back.

I swiftly evade the one coming from my back, but from my left side, another one runs towards me and pierces my leg with its horn.

Sharp pain greets my senses, it hurts like fucking hell.

I quickly kick the rabbit aside as the horn swiftly gets off my leg, but the amount of blood and the hole it left inside of my muscle was horrendous.

The blood keeps pouring out and I can't even use this leg anymore, I jump with the single leg I have and reach the totem near me desperately.

I tried to be cautious even though his feeling of exhilaration, but even then, I got too excited and ended up paying the price.

I touch the totem, hoping for it to be a healing one or something.

Tough luck, because it wasn't.

[You have touched the [Mana and Magic Totem]! Mana and Magic +20% for 10 minutes]

What can I use this for if I don't even know how to manipulate mana, even less conjure spells?!

I quickly struggle to move away from the rabbits, and wave my bat at them to keep them away, they are five and small, but they are vicious monsters at the end.

Shit!

"Get off me!"

I roar like I always did when I was about to get beaten in the orphanage, my eyes gleam with desperation as I can clearly feel the cold sweat dripping from my neck, I clench my teeth as I hit a nearby rabbit that suddenly impaled my leg, yes, the same as before, again!

"FUCK!"

I raise my bat and hit the rabbit mercilessly, a single hit crushes its head and makes it explode like a watermelon falling off a cliff, an amount of EXP rushes through my body as I feel suddenly revitalized, the pain of my leg dissipates, and I feel as the wound suddenly regenerates.

Ding!

[You leveled up to Level 3!]

[All of your Stats have increased!]

[Your health and mana have been recovered!]

That was close, another second, and I would have fallen over the floor and then ganged up and killed by god damn rabbits.

Seriously, I wouldn't have been able to live knowing that I got killed by trash mobs… wait, I wouldn't even be alive after that to even care.

My stats increase and my senses sharpen, four rabbits are left, and all four charges towards me from all directions, left, right, in front, and from my back.

I run to the right, raise my bat, and clench my teeth, my eyes gleam with blazing wrath, as I hit the rabbit in the back and crush its spine, and then I hit it another time, crushing it to death.

I jump to the side, as I see the other three already charging towards me.

Three more to go!

I quickly run towards my wall, and I see the last totem get to be used, I touch it to see what I can get.

[You have touched the [All Stats Totem]! All Stats +10% for 20 minutes]

All Stats? Not bad, this is enough!

I see the rabbits reaching me right after, as they are about to hit me and pierce me with their sharp horns.

I instinctively jump aside, hitting the floor with my strong legs, as the rabbits are too fast to change their direction!

As they hit the wall as I always, a malicious grin emerges on my face, and I run towards them.

Mercilessly crushing them with all of my strength, I heard the cracking sounds of their bones breaking apart and the blood exploding out of their crushed bodies.

Suddenly, they all explode into black smoke.

I gain a lot of EXP, but it seems that I am yet to level up…

Phew…

The totems were indeed useful, I hope I can find them more…

Now, there should be one last room.

Suddenly, the system windows emerge once more.

Ding!

[Congratulations on completing Room 3!]

[Now that you are done with this, onwards to Room 4!]

[After completing the Tutorial Dungeon, you will receive 20 Orbs!]

[Good luck!]

Good luck my ass!

No, no, I have to calm down.

Everything is going… well.

Well, not well, rather bad… Yeah, everything is actually going horribly, but I am fine, and that's what matters here.

I slowly stand up, grab any gold coins scattered around, and decide to drink some more water, take a piss over the dungeon without caring at all, and then eating a sandwich.

I rest a few minutes… there's still over half an hour left until I get expelled, I can do this.

I glance at the new door that had emerged, after this room and completing it, I will finally be able to see the wonders of actually summoning a character through a gacha system in real life!

This malicious system didn't let me summon one straight away.

If this were a web novel, most readers would be frustrated for not getting what they want.

But I kind of get it, I have to suffer and put some effort if I want a waifu to come to life through this fantastical power…

I guess almost dying several times is enough for it to be deserved… Right?

Maybe I won't even get a waifu but trash 1-star characters that might be even more pathetic than me.

God, no…

Life is hard.

Nonetheless, there's no point in whining about it.

I brace myself, clean the sweat over my forehead, and step into Room 4.

Let's get this over with.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 8 - BOSS Battle!


.

.

.

I know I am assuming that I will get a waifu.

This gacha might even bring me some kind of faceless mannequin-like heroes, in that case, I guess I can't really expect a waifu that can warm my bed at night.

Or maybe I will end up summoning burly old men wearing armor and no girls at all.

Or the gacha is about monsters or pets, and I don't even get a humanoid creature.

…Well, whatever type of gacha it is, I need Orbs to summon.

And whatever it will give me, it will be better than how I am.

Before stepping into the next room, I decided to check my Status.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 0]

[Gold: 130]

[Hero Feathers: 0]

[Job: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 13]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [03/10]

[Vitality: [30/30]

[Mana: [1.200/1.200]

[Strength: [30]

[Magic: [190]

[Dexterity: [39]

[Skills: [Summon]

[Summoned Heroes: None.

…

Oh, I see.

I leveled two times, and I got a good amount of stats.

It seems that I get 10 Vitality per level and… 100 Mana per level?! That's way more than my vitality.

Does this game has growth rates for each separate stat?

Wait, this is not a game…

My magic seems to have increased by 20 per level, and my Dexterity by 12 per level… My strength by 10 per level just like Vitality.

I guess I suck.

Well, I have never done too much exercise, that I am not actually fat is a miracle. Maybe because I am not obsessed with eating either, I just appease all of my desires by writing like an insane madman.

God, I wish I could have at least one single offensive Spell, maybe I could finally use that big Magic and Mana I got.

Come on, System, can I get Skills through the Skill Points I have?

Ding!

[You can acquire Skills by extracting them from summoned Heroes]

[After a Skill extraction, the summoned Hero will disappear]

So there's not a Skill Shop but I can get Skills by stealing them from a Hero I summon… I guess I have an idea what I am going to do to the ones that end up at low Stars…

Or not?

Well the dilemma is rather big, having loyal summons that can serve is nice, so maybe I won't extract their Skills as fast…

Anyways, enough of this, I will have time to think about this profoundly afterward.

I decide to step into the last dungeon room, Room 4.

It seems to be exactly the same as before… around 20 x 20 meters, and empty at the beginning…

Ding!

[Welcome to Room 4 of the Tutorial Dungeon!]

[This is the last Room of the Tutorial Dungeon, rejoice!]

[After completing this, you will be able to gain 20 Orbs, I bet you want to summon already, don't you?]

Goddamn, I hate Systems that speak… But I guess this one doesn't interact with me, it just has these annoying dialogs.

I bet the one that created them must be a real stick in the ass to be with.

[In this Tutorial Dungeon, you will learn about [Boss]-type Monsters!]

Boss…? Shit, I knew it…

[Boss]-type Monster swill be present in any Dungeon you enter, and they are very strong versions of the monsters you have fought in that dungeon]

[They possess great resilience and power, and can very much kill you if you lower your guard even for a single second!]

[However, they are the last challenge inside Dungeons, after defeating them, you complete the dungeon and earn great rewards!]

[Make sure to check the Boss' patterns and use them to your advantage!]

[Don't worry, there will be a few Totems to help you out!]

[Good luck!]

The voice stops speaking as several magic circles emerge over the floor.

Three of them appear as totems at the corner of the room, while a large shadow emerges in the middle of it.

It suddenly opens its crimson eyes, eerily glaring at me with immense bloodthirst.

It has snow-white fur, a large and muscular body, enormous feet that could kick me to death, and a long, sharp horn that could easily pierce my heart or kill me instantly by piercing my head…

Eh? It's just a damn giant horned rabbit!

"KYYUUUUUU!"

The giant horned rabbit is around four meters tall, and it roars monstrously!

FLASH!

It quickly charges at me without giving me a monologue like Bosses usually do!

I quickly use my enhanced body after leveling and receiving the buff from the previous room totems, darting away from its way!

A good thing is that the damn rabbit is way too big, so it has an even harder time changing direction.

It quickly hits the wall behind me, and its enormous horn gets stuck!

I raise my bat and begin hitting it in the side!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

Ungh, my bat is barely getting through, it has a ton of Vitality.

I am pretty sure I don't have an Appraisal Skill, but I can see that the beast HP bar is barely decreasing.

"KYUU!"

However, its eyes gleam with crimson red light, as it moves its back feet!

CLASH!

The enormous feet suddenly hit me directly, as the rabbit managed to swiftly move towards me.

The enormous force threw me into the other corner of the room.

The pain is tremendous.

I think a few of my ribs broke.

Fuck…

I suddenly vomit blood, as I can barely move.

I am really rushing things, I didn't think that it could simply kick me like that. I assumed it would be hopeless like the other rabbits, which cannot kick me due to being so small.

But this guy is gigantic… He was able to easily kick me away with ease.

I glance at the HP Bar, I barely took away 30%... Ungh…

It hurts like hell.

I see as the rabbit struggles to free itself until it finally manages to get the horn out of the wall.

I have to get up.

Get up, damn it.

GET UP!

I brace myself as I use the slight superhuman capabilities given to me by leveling and the buff of the totems, as I faintly touch the totem lying right next to me.

For fuck's sake, heal me…

[You have touched the [Strength and Dexterity Totem]! Strength and Dexterity +20% for 10 minutes]

You've gotta be kidding me.

Tough luck, huh?

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 9 - Barely Made It


.

.

.

I clench my teeth with anger, but the rush of new power surges through my body, the pain continuous but more power surges.

I didn't get healing as I thought, and my Vitality is hanging at 7, but it seems that buffs from multiple totems stack together.

Nonetheless, any other hit will kill me.

I seem to not be able to regenerate Vitality normally.

I will have to somehow endure the ribs being broken and the internal hemorrhage.

I have… to kill this little (big) shit.

The rabbit slowly walks around until it can finally see me with its crimson eyes.

However, I have already touched the other totems, which were all near me as I was thrown into the other side of the room by him.

Ding!

[You have touched the [Mana and Magic Totem]! Mana and Magic +20% for 10 minutes]

Ding!

[You have touched the [All Stat Totem]! All Stats +10% for 10 minutes]

I have to use this little help the System left for me… And stack all the power I can.

I feel as if my muscles are being worked out by burning energy, my entire body begins to exude steam, and my skin turns red.

This feeling of immense exhilaration… is the power of stacking multiple buffs, I feel like I am about to burst.

I have to kill it with this… quickly!

"KYUUU!"

The rabbit suddenly rushes towards me as I standstill.

I let it run towards me with everything it has.

And then, as it is a few seconds from piercing me, I jump to the left!

Boom!

The enormous horn gets stuck into the wall once more, as the rabbit's crimson eyes gleaming eerily, trying to move its feet to kick me!

But it quickly realizes that I am not even there.

I am above you, retard.

I jumped right before it struck me, and then jumped again over its back!

With the strength I have now, I can very well punch you to death!

I am going to live, at all costs!

Now only you… you are a mere steppingstone.

I have to get you out of the way, just like the many other steppingstones I bet are going to get in my way…

I raise my bat into the air as I enhance my entire body with the rushing energies that enhance all my stats.

Thanks to buff to all stats, a rush of red and yellow energy constantly flows through my body.

The rabbit grows desperate as it can't get me out of its back while being stuck into the wall.

Tough luck, bud.

I begin to hit the rabbit with all of my might.

Unlike before, I manage to clearly hear as if some of the giant bones it has cracked a little bit!

A sick smile blossoms over my dry lips as my eyes gleam with bloodthirst.

I have suddenly become someone different…

I keep hitting and hitting, as the rabbits try to throw me away by jumping and hitting the floor with its back legs, but I simply grasp it tightly with my legs and hand, while hitting it with the free hand I got.

CLASH!

CLASH!

CLASH!

CLASH!

CLASH!

"KYUUUUUU!"

I see as the rabbit's HP is quickly decreasing. I guess that boost into my stats helped deal more damage, but the pain is killing me.

Suddenly, the horned rabbit manages to free itself from the wall, as its horn gets finally unstuck.

It roars once more, as it begins to hastily jump around the room, trying to take me out of its back.

Due to the movements, my bat drops into the ground.

Fuck.

Well, it doesn't really matter, not like I don't have these fits!

And I even got a nice jaw.

Is this what I have to do to survive?

Then I will do it, gladly!

I grasp the beast's wounds as I begin to slash and punch it with the superhuman strength I had after leveling and stacking totem buffs.

Clash! Clash! Clash!

"KYYYUUUUUU!"

The beast "roars" in pain as it suddenly starts vomiting blood.

I was also kicking its stomach and making wounds on it to tightly grasp it with my feet.

The adrenaline of the situation kicks in as the intense movements make my entire mind feel dizzy.

At some point I begin to lose consciousness only to regain it a millisecond after, filling myself with wrath and damaging the rabbit as much as I possibly can.

I keep grasping the damn rabbit with everything I have, hitting it while gnashing my teeth.

My eyes start to bleed in pain, my entire body feels paralyzed as I grasp over the rabbit's wounds and keep tearing apart any flesh or blood inside!

Die, already!

DIE!

"Kyyyyuuuuuu…!"

The rabbit suddenly feels dizzy, as it stops jumping, falling over the ground, it gasps for air as I see that its HP is almost down to zero…

My hands tremble as I slowly move my hands over it and keep hitting it, giving it punches over its head.

I felt so weakened I could barely move my hands, but I keep hitting it.

Die, please, die already!

The rabbit suddenly stops breathing.

…

I… win…

Ungh…

I fall over the ground as I gasp for air.

As I fought, the broken ribs moved through my insides and pierced my lungs.

I am going to die at any time now.

At least… I managed to bring it with me…

…

Ding!

[You gained a large amount of EXP]

[You gained +50 Skill Point]

[You leveled up to Level 4!]

[You leveled up to Level 5!]

[All of your Stats have increased!]

[Your health and mana have been recovered!]

Ah… I leveled up.

A sudden glowing light emerges all over my body, as my wounds heal.

Even my bones are rearranged where they were.

More than healing, this feels as if time itself was reversing over my wounds, even the shattered pieces of ribs go back to their original position…

I regain some more consciousness, as a faint smile emerges over my lips.

I won…

Ding!

[Congratulations! You have completed the Tutorial Dungeon!]

[You gained the following Bonus Rewards: 5 Orbs, 1000 Gold Coins, 1000 Hero Feathers, and [Random Item Box] x1!]

After all this pain, I finally get rewarded… This is surely not like those self-fulfillment novels, huh?

Yeah, unlike novels, life is hard…

I slowly stand up, as a portal to my room appears…

I slowly move there as I grab the coins dropped by the rabbit and then jump over my bed.

The portal quickly disappears.

I check the hour on my computer, only… 5 minutes passed.

What?

So when I go inside a Dungeon, time goes slow…

I spent roughly 50 minutes, but only 5 minutes went by here…

With such a thing, I guess I can complete the dungeons in time every day…

Ungh…

I feel like I want a shower before doing anything else.

I quickly jump back to my bathroom, do the deed, and then take a relaxing warm bath.

Hahh… Taking such a relaxing bath will probably not happen after the Ragnarök, I have to treasure these moments.

But more importantly, I won.

I won!

Now, it's finally time to summon… to finally use the actual power of my System…

The only tool that I will be able to use against the insanity that is yet to come…

After bathing and wearing better clothes, I run to my room and sit over the bed.

I open the System Windows as I look for the Summon option.

And then, a sudden game-like holographic screen appears, showing a Gacha Banner with several characters appearing… Wait…

These characters…?

Eh?

I recognize them…

No way...

Kireina, Veronica, Ervas, Frank, Noah… What?!

These are my novel main characters?!

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 10 - Summoning!


.

.

.

Ding!

[The [Daily Task]: [Defeat 10 Foe: 1 Orb] has been completed!]

[You gained 1 Orb]

[The [Main Tasks]: [Complete Tutorial Dungeon: 20 Orbs] has been completed!]

[You gained 20 Orbs]

After the shock of seeing the characters of my novels being portrayed over the Gacha Banner, I get showered with System notifications, where I got the rest of the Task rewards.

Alongside that, I decided to look at my Status while trying to cope with the insanity of this situation.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 26]

[Gold: 1630]

[Hero Feathers: 1000]

[Job: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 63]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [05/10]

[Vitality: [50/50]

[Mana: [1.400/1.400]

[Strength: [50]

[Magic: [230]

[Dexterity: [63]

[Skills: [Summon]

[Summoned Heroes: None.

…

I got a lot of stats… But I don't know how exactly strong is that.

Though compared to everything else, my Mana is pretty high, so I guess that's my "Cheat Stat".

In every novel with the main character with Status, there is always a "Cheat Stat", a single stat that the Main character exceeded.

The most cliché of them all is Mana, of course. It is easier to write about a guy with a lot of Mana so you don't have to worry about managing it through battle and as a writer, you can go all out with it.

But there is also some fun in writing an MC with limitations regarding Mana and their "fuel" so they need to be cautious in how much they manage such power.

Well, now all of that fantasy crap is real, so, as the mentally unstable man I am, I see myself a bit like one of such characters, but I guess such a thought process is greatly flawed, I should relax and don't let my inner chunni take over my entire soul.

I have to remain with some sanity as well, or I won't be able to do correct judgment.

Anyways…

WHAT?!

My novel characters are in the gacha.

Why?

What is this?

This feels both amazing and also cringe.

Does this mean that the most stupid of my characters can now come to life?

This is both cool and weird.

But I am just incredibly excited to ever summon any character then…

I glance at the Gacha Banner, all the main characters of my novels are there in the front.

They all shine with different auras of colors, and they all seem to be wielding weapons, although I remember that not all of them wielded them originally.

I suppose they had been changed according to the gacha and the game-like mechanics.

However, there is a small button that shows me the chances.

And just as I thought, they have different stars, from 1 Star to 5 Star.

However, 1-2 Star Heroes don't appear in the Gacha, as the Orb Gacha is named "Premium Gacha" and only has Heroes with 3 Star to 5 Stars.

The 1 and 2 Star Heroes appear in the Hero Fragment Gacha…

Hero Fragments seem to be an item that appears after I use a Hero in a certain way.

For example, by converting it into a Skill for me or another Hero, or by "sending him back home" where I would get Hero Feathers.

With Hero Feathers, I can increase the Stars of Heroes by the way.

Anyways, Hero Fragments is the residual item you get after doing one of such actions, and if you accumulate a bunch, you can use them in this "Poor Gacha" to get 1 and 2 Star Heroes.

Well, even if they are 1 or 2 Star, you can still make them 5 Star by spending a crapload of Hero Feathers… The same goes for 3 and 4 Star Heroes.

There is only one Gacha Banner as of now, but it seems that there might be more upcoming, as there are two slots with a timer in them… the two appear to be able to appear in 4 days from now.

One of them is named "Beach Episode Gacha Banner" and the other is "Dark Paths Gacha Banner", where I guess the Focus Heroes might be different?

The Beach Episode one… will there be versions of these characters but wearing swimsuits?!

Well, this is really like a Gacha Game now…

It seems that the first time I summon there's an increased chance of a 5 Star.

Oh, chances.

Well, it seems that it is obvious that 3 and 4 stars have a higher chance of appearing…

These are the rates.

3% for 5★ focus units.

3% for 5★ units.

58% for 4★ units.

36% for 3★ units.

As you can see, there are two chances for 5 Star because there are Focus units on each Banner, which the banner revolves around, such Heroes are often new or something.

Although there are no new Heroes here, the "Focus" ones are still in the normal 5 Star rate.

And of course, the Orb prices…

First Summon Selection is 5 Orbs.

After that, I will be able to choose four more summons, which will have reduced cost.

Second Summon Selection for 4 Orbs.

Third Summon Selection for 4

Orbs.

Fourth Summon Selection for 4 Orbs.

And Fifth Summon Selection for 3 Orbs…

I see, so a full summon cost 20 Orbs…

Additionally, by Reading more info, it seems that all Heroes come with an Element and a Weapon type, even I have those, although my Element is "Null" (Void maybe?) and my weapon type is "All".

However, there are other elements, which are represented in different colors, such as Dark being black, Light being white, and so on…

Now, enough explanations and more summoning, I won't wait 4 damn days to summon something from those Gacha Banners on hold…

So, time to summon.

I glance at the System Window as I quickly tap it with my index finger, selecting the big button that says [Summon: 5 Orbs], and decide to spend the 20 right away to get 5 Heroes immediately.

Flash!

As soon as I tap it, the System window changes, as it shows what seems to be some kind of large magic circle, which begins to spin around.

After a few seconds, it stops, as it drops several and colorful jewels.

Although some shine brighter than others, it seems that they are of all different colors… So these are Heroes…

The jewels suddenly move around the magic circle generating magic circles below them, as each one shines brightly and reveals what kind of entity was within them, and I begin to see many faces.

I had not commissioned illustrations for all my characters, so there were some I could not recognize right away…

But then… one of them, the shiniest of them all reveals who is it there.

And I know who she is, as I had commissioned art of her several times…

I can't believe my luck… I guess we are starting with a 5 Star.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 11 - 5 Star Summon!


.

.

.

The jewels shine brightly as they reveal the hidden characters within them.

And one of them is…

[Congratulations, you have summoned a 5 Star Hero!]

[You summoned the following Heroes]

[Kireina, Gluttonous Beauty] [★★★★★]

[Evan, Hero of Shining Skies] [★★★★]

[Ervas, Child of Nature] [★★★★]

[Hiromi, Mysterious Vampire Girl] [★★★]

[Emerald, Subhuman Slayer] [★★★]

I almost fall off my bed as I glance at the results.

I recognize every single one of these…

Although I only commissioned Art for Kireina and Ervas, Evan, Hiromi, and Emerald look just like I had originally imagined them…

And the biggest surprise is that I got two Main Characters…

Kireina, the 5 Star Hero, is the protagonist of my first novel, Epic of Caterpillar.

And then there's Ervas, one of the two protagonists of my second novel, Demon Queen Rebirth.

Then there's Evan, a side character from Epic of Caterpillar who was captured by Kireina, and then her daughter, Amiphossia, took a liking on him… at the end, he became Kireina's son-in-law.

Hiromi is a side character of my third novel, My World Traveling System, she was a mysterious Vampire Girl that belonged to a Vampire Family that lived within Tokyo, Japan.

And then there's Emerald, he was a small-time villain from my fourth novel, Vampire Overlord.

However, instead of appearing right away in front of me, the jewels suddenly appear in real life and are sent inside of my inventory…

It seems that to actually summon them, I have to use these Jewels and make the summoning happen.

But alright, let's calm down for a bit.

I spent 20 Orbs now, so I have 6… I think.

I guess I could summon another Hero, but I better save until I can have 20 again to receive the discount of consecutive summons.

…

I summoned Kireina?!

The most beautiful of my original characters?!

The most amazing too…

She's literally the most overpowered as well.

Will she be just as strong as in her Novel?!

No… Maybe they will come nerfed.

Maybe with their original abilities but made compact.

And at the end, they also need to level up and all…

I slowly open my Inventory, as I grab the purple-colored jewel where Kireina is…

I sense a faint presence within, as a magical aura embraces my hand.

This feeling is really something else.

I brace myself as I read the item description.

[Kireina Summon Jewel]

Use this item to summon the [Kireina, Gluttonous Beauty] [★★★★★] Hero.

Kireina, the original main character within the [Epic of Caterpillar] Record, originally reincarnated as a Caterpillar, she was given the ability to devour anything and gain Skills from them, growing stronger at an exponential rate.

After evolving many times, she became a beautiful Fairy, albeit by eating many monsters and absorbing their powers as Skills, while fusing them, has changed her internal body structure, and behind the form of a beautiful fairy lies a monstrous entity made of formless ad gibbering flesh with many jaws and tentacles.

[You can select the nature of the Hero]

It is really her… Wait, nature?

A window emerges, asking me for which "Nature" do I want for her.

Wait, I can even customize her?

I guess she is not really the "real" one. I mean, that world is not real, so I guess it's fair.

But I mean… It seems that she is something of a recreation of the "record" of my novel, so whenever I use this jewel, she will not really be summoned, but created from nothing…

And I can even customize her nature.

[You can select 3 options from the following Natures]

[Gentle]

[Caring]

[Dominatrix]

[Battle Junkie]

[Amicable]

[Lazy]

[Annoying]

[Motherly]

[Unconcerned]

[Obsessed]

[Sorrowful]

[Nymphomaniac]

…

What? That much?!

Oh man, there are some that I would never like in a girl…

I guess this is like a "build your own waifu" sort of deal.

I guess I will make her Gentle, Caring, and… Motherly.

I never met my parents so having a motherly woman pampering me would be… ideal. Especially to fill the void.

After selecting the Natures, she was ready to be summoned…

I simply willed it as the jewel began to glow in many colors and suddenly jumped to the ground.

Flash!

A magic circle emerged as a humanoid figure started to appear from within it.

A beautiful and voluptuous one, to be clear.

It had a delicate and slim body, with pale white skin, wide hips, thick thighs, small and refined shoulders, and… a large pair of breasts.

Her beauty was both supernatural and phantasmal in nature.

A slight chill ran through my spine as I saw her crimson eyes open, she glanced right into my soul.

Her butterfly wings expanded widely, almost filling the entire room, and they shined with various bright colors, such as pink, red, and purple.

Her long and silky purple hair reached up to her wide and sexy hips, and she had a pair of goat-like horns at each side of her head.

There was a purple jewel in her forehead and a crimson jewel over the middle of her chest, right above her breasts.

She wore a scandalous dress that seemed to be made of many purple and pink-colored parts, long purple-red stockings, and beautiful crimson heels.

She smiled warmly as she slowly walked towards me.

Just by seeing her I had become completely paralyzed.

It was my own creation brought to life, what did you expect?!

And she smells like roses.

Ugh.

Just by seeing her, I fell in love.

Is this… her Charm Skill? I remember I gave her such power in the novel.

She glanced at me with a warm smile, as she extended her arms towards me.

And she hugged me.

Eh? She's warm…

This is surreal.

"I am so glad to have been summoned here, Master… I will make sure to protect you and help you however I can… Don't worry anymore, I am here for you and anything you need…" she said, patting my back and acting very… motherly.

"Kireina… To think that my creation would one day speak to me. I can't help but feel incredibly strange… Am I dreaming?"

"Oh, no. Everything is very real… The Ragnarök and more. I know everything through the records and what the System has told me. Don't worry, we'll train together and make sure to survive," said Kireina, as she suddenly kissed my forehead, which gave me a sudden wave of warmth all over my body.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 12 - Pampered By My Novel Character


Kireina POV (Small)

-----

A fictional existence.

That's what I was.

I never existed up to this point.

I am a creation of my very master's mind, an entity that has been formed by his imagination.

To me, he is like a creator.

Although this System was the one that made my existence real, I am filled with knowledge about many things, while being updated about what my Master has been doing in the last hours.

Indeed, perhaps if I were an ordinary person like my Master is, I might be impacted greatly by this.

But as a creation of the System and his boundless imagination, I feel the instinctual desire to make him happy.

Sigh…

Things are going to get hard, I have to try and let him relax a little bit.

Ragnarök, the war against dimensions, and the ultimate free-for-all that my Master was thrown in… All of it will greatly damage his mental stability…

I suppose that in my original Record, I was a rather happy-go-lucky character for the vast beginning of the story… But, now that I exist, I may develop differently than how I originally was.

I suppose I lied about not being affected, this creation of mine bring some conflicts into my thought process.

But from the very core of my being, there is the greatest desire I must fulfill, the one I was created for…

To serve and make Master happy, while protecting him from the world and the dangers to come.

As I glance at him, I can't help but pity the world he had been thrown in.

Perhaps as a fictional entity with a story where I constantly fought for survival, I pity those that have not much experience in fighting, because I know deep down that fighting is a horrible thing.

…According to my very character, I actually despite the fighting, and desire to live peacefully.

But due to the motives such as protecting my beloved ones, I brace myself and become the most grotesque of monsters to protect them.

And so, for Master, I shall become such a being.

Because I can't help but feel a warmth within my heart as I glance at his eyes, his tired expression.

I can't help but hug him tightly and tell him that everything will the okay.

I am here for you… And I will always be here for you, Master.

I kiss his forehead as he blushes… So cute…

I think I am deeply in love with him from first sight.

What a strange feeling… Emotions and more… as a recently created living being, I have to develop these thoroughly.

But for now, love is perhaps one of the first feelings I experience… And it fills me with a strong purpose and a blazing resolve.

Master, we will get through this together, I promise you.

-----

Kireina emerges in front of my sight as I almost fall over my butt in surprise.

Damn… It is really her!

She slowly walked towards me rather sexily, as she hugged me with her thin and delicate arms.

She was so warm I felt like I was on cloud nine.

She even kissed my forehead.

Man, what more do I want?

I think my life has been fulfilled, being hugged, and kissed by your waifu is all you want in life… And now I have finally achieved it.

Yeah, that sounded cringe, but I am a filthy weeb anyways.

She even tells me that everything will be okay from now on and that she will be at my side.

Ugh… Kireina…

She's so nice to me, I think I don't even deserve it.

Ding!

[Task Complete: [Summon A Hero: 5 Orbs]!]

[You gained +5 Orbs]

A Quest/Task is completed after summoning the heroes, it seems.

This is pretty nice, I effectively only spent 15 Orbs then if I got 5 back, but I don't think I will always get 5 back…

Ah, I think I am paralyzed.

The moment she hugged and kissed me it felt as if I became a log.

What do I even say to her? I am out of words.

All of this is way too fantastical, but it's happening, somehow.

The first thing I try is to pinch my hand.

She notices and chuckles.

"M-Master, you don't have to do that, I am really real…" she said.

"Everything is so… amazing that I was a bit out of words… But, I can see that everything is real…" I said.

Kireina smiles warmly as she pets my head.

"Alright, I know how you might feel, so let's talk about things while eating something, okay? Let me prepare you something good," said Kireina, as she walked towards my kitchen.

What?

Is she… going to cook for me?!

She's really motherly…

She begins to see the food I might have stored, I do have some veggies, noodles, soup, and meat, and she takes it all out.

Don't tell me she's good at cooking too…

How perfectly do you have to be?!

I sit over my bed as I see Kireina prepare food with a serene smile, she notices me as she glances back at me sometimes, but keeps cooking while singing a melody.

"Hm, hm, hm~ Master, do you seem to have good enough things… How about some fried rice?" she asked.

"Fried rice… That would be good," I said.

"Very well then~!" she said while winking at me. It felt like Cupid's arrow pierced my heart the moment she did.

Ugh. No, I have to calm down.

I quickly run towards the bathroom as I close the door.

I sigh while glancing at the mirror.

I wash my face with cold water for some time, until I feel rather refreshed.

Okay, cool down.

And there are four more Heroes like these waiting inside my Inventory…

I know they will help me a lot, but I am quite scared about meeting them now.

I think this is my social anxiety kicking in.

Ugh, it's hard to deal with people when you have caged yourself inside your room for so long.

But… Kireina is nice and gentle, not like the people outside.

And perhaps the rest will be similar if they all serve loyally.

Yeah… It's fine.

Everything is fine, let's go meet her and eat with her…

I have a ton of questions to ask her, I want to know what she really is, and more…

Let's do this.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 13 - Questions And Answers


Kireina POV (Small)

-----

Hmm…

Is Master scared of me?

Yeah, I would also be scared if I were in his shoes…

I have to assure him that everything will be okay…

I know he has social anxiety, it was registered within the System, and it is part of the information it told me about him.

Poor Master, what things have you gone through to develop such a thing?

I have to be gentle and nice with him, so he feels comfortable at my side…

Maybe I was a bit too rash at first, I should have asked him if he wanted a hug first…

Well, the rice is almost done…

Let's serve him something nice so he can relax and enjoy a meal.

There are still six days before Ragnarök, so it would be nice to make him relax for at least a little bit before everything goes down.

I will try to answer whatever is inside of his mind to make him feel better…

Hm… what more can I do?

I don't know… Perhaps cuddling with him would make him happy too?

I can't help but want this myself, so it would be a bit selfish to do it without asking him…

W-Well, he's getting out of the bathroom now, so I will serve him the rice… maybe some green tea he has here as well…

Hmm ~ I think this should suffice!

-----

As I walk out of the bathroom, Kireina greets me with a gentle smile, as she had already served the rice… She cooks quite fast.

And the smell of the food… so food.

She even added the shrimps I had frozen for weeks now, and they look so nice over the fried rice… Oh, she even added curry, and the rice is yellow…

And there is green onions, carrot, and more…

Man, how long has it been since I ate such a fulfilling and warm meal?

"Thank you," I said, as I quickly sit down and she sits in front of me, she also served herself a plate, so I suppose summons can eat without problems.

"I found this green tea, so I prepared it… Want some?" asked Kireina.

"Oh yes, thank you…" I said.

Green tea, maybe this will relax me a bit.

Because I am as stiff as a log again…

Ugh, damned mental problems.

I have to be bolder like all the main characters I write, but when it finally comes to real life, I am a pathetic loser.

No, I can't be like this.

Chill and… go with the flow.

I drink a bit of the tea as I eat the rice…

So good.

It is still rather hot, but the flavors are wonderfully mixed together.

Kireina is such an amazing cook, just like I wrote her in the novel.

Although in the novel, she ate a chef and acquired the cooking skill and got pretty good at it… I guess she inherited that knowledge?

"It is very good… Kireina you cook amazing," I said.

Kireina suddenly blushes as her thin eyebrows raise in surprise.

"Eh? Ah… T-Thanks! I am glad you like my food… Master…" she said as she begins to eat.

Eh? Was my Kireina this adorably shy?!

Maybe she's also quite nervous? Perhaps I have to stop being so silent to make her cool down too.

"I remember that in the novel you become quite good at cooking gradually… Now, I wonder how you inherited that talent…" I said.

"Oh yes, I have inherited most of the original Record's main knowledge. Although… not really her truest personality or character… After all, I am not really her, as it is simply a written fictional character, but a creation made from its template," said Kireina.

She talks about being a creation rather carefreely, I suppose it doesn't affect her mind? If I were to know I was some fictional creation, I would probably lose my mind.

She must have a strong mental fortitude…

"I see… Though, I wonder if you have a status? Let's see…" I said, as Kireina was surprised as a holographic window emerged out of thin air, showing me her Status.

…

[Name: [Kireina Dark Moon]

[Race: [Crimson Vampire Fairy]

[Element(s): [Illusion], [Chaos], [Blood]

[Weapon Type: [Spear]

[Skill Points: 0]

[Level: [01/10]

[Vitality: [750/750]

[Strength: [450]

[Magic: [450]

[Dexterity: [600]

[Skills]

[Realm Menace of Lust (S)]

[Vampire (S)]

[Grotesque Transformation: Nyarlathotep (S)]

[Locked Skills]

[Blood Weapons (A) (Locked)]

[Chaos Ray (A) (Locked)]

[Illusion Mist (A) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Accursed Spear of Chaotic Demise: Khaos (S)]

[Body: [Sin of Lust Charming Set (A)]

[Accessory: [Sin of Lust Jewels of Hypnosis and Blood (A)]

…

Oh?

Well, Kireina's Status is insane.

And she's super strong to boot.

And only at Level 1?!

She has three Passive Skills that are S-Grade… So Skills have grades.

By Summon Skill has no Grade though, weird.

And then she has locked Skills.

I assume that she might need Skill Points to unlock those…

She also comes with a full set of equipment, what she's wearing.

And even a spear…

But she is not carrying it around.

Maybe she can summon it at will.

"Amazing, Kireina… You are really quite strong. Although you don't have all the power of the original Record, you have indeed inherited a large part of it…" I said.

Kireina smiled as she blushed a bit.

"I am glad that you find me strong, Master. I will make sure to use this strength to protect you," said Kireina, as she suddenly held my hand.

Okay, that was quite romantic…

I instinctively get all red and avert my gaze from her gleaming crimson eyes.

"A-Ah! Was that too rash? Sorry for holding your hand, Master. I know that's very lewd…!" said Kireina.

"No, it's fine… If it's you, it's fine to hold it…" I said.

"Oh… Master…" she said, as she moved her hand towards mine and held it again.

Despite being a vampire, her hand was very warm… it was so comfortable to hold it.

She held a strong grasp as well, making me feel a bit secure.

As we ate more of her delicious fried rice, I asked her a few things.

"Kireina, how do you feel about coming to existence? Is it… weird?"

"Ah… Well, perhaps a bit. But I am glad to be here… at your side. It makes me feel fulfilled…" she said.

"Really? Even though…" I muttered.

"Don't worry, Master. I know that you might feel concerned about me, but I as I said before, I have been created recently, so I am not technically the same being as your novel… Though, I do possess her knowledge. I-I know this is weird for you, but this is simply the manifestation of your power… And I am here to protect you and help you grow stronger," said Kireina, tightly grasping my hands while glancing directly into my eyes…

She's… perfect.

"Kireina... Okay… you already won over my heart…" I sighed.

"E-Eh? Heart?" she asked.

"Very well then, with you at my side the world really doesn't seem so bad… Let's go into the dungeons again, we need to use every single second we have to grow stronger."

"Oh! Very well then~!" said Kireina.

And so, we delved into the Daily Dungeons…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 14 - Outstanding Skills


.

.

.

Yeah, no. We are not delving into the dungeons YET.

We had to prepare a bit more before that, mostly me wanting to see a few things and experiment with Kireina.

And by experimenting I didn't mean anything kinky, I mean experiment how she works like a summon.

So I made her do a few things by herself, such as… I don't know, throwing a kick or a punch into the air.

"Are you sure, Master?" she asked rather concerned.

"Yes, I don't think you will blow the entire edifice off with your punch, right?" I asked.

"Well, no, I will make sure to control my strength… Alright, here we go…" said Kireina, as she suddenly got into a straight stance, her left leg slowly raised, and then, she moved faster than my eye could perceive, like a flash of purple color.

Boom!

Her leg hit the air with a strong boom! Sound, what?!

And shockwaves began to resonate through the entire room, most of my light novels and manga fell off the bookshelf there, and the lamp broke.

There were also cracks in the wall…

Just how strong is she!? And you're telling me she's Level 1?

"Ah! Master light novels and manga…! I will get them in place immediately!" she said, apologizing for her kick shockwave, which made all the precious literature I have accumulated fall to the floor.

"You don't have to worry, the Ragnarök is close so… it will be rather pointless to care about such stuff as much… Ah, now that I think about it, if people are going to die all around the world… then what about the manga and light novel I follow? They will all end up without an ending… How horrendous… Yeah, this is really depressing…"

"Master you don't have to get like that… These things… Well, I know they had brought you a lot of joy in your life, but the important thing now is to survive… At least, maybe you could conserve these books inside your Inventory, what do you think?" asked Kireina with a gentle demeanor.

Hm… She's right, there's no time to get down because of such things.

"You're right, let me save them… Ad the whole bookshelf too, why not…"

After that, we finally came back to testing, and I concluded a few things as Kireina tested giving punches into the air and kicks again (this time in an empty room), she also tested appearing and disappearing, and also conjuring her type of magic abilities.

It seems that summons constantly drains my Mana by materializing like Kireina is doing right now.

However, if it is only her, it only drains my mana by around 20 per minute, but I can regenerate a bit over 100 per minute, so I can maintain her like this indefinitely.

Summons also don't have mana, any magic attack they perform drains my own mana. When Kireina used her Vampire Skill to conjure a single blood blade, it took a whopping 50 of my Mana…

I have to keep leveling and increase my max mana or my summons won't be able to exert their power completely.

Another thing, summons can materialize or become ethereal, or even be stored back into the System, inside a function named "Hero Barracks" where any summon can be stored indefinitely, inside of there it feels as if time stopped for them.

By materializing, summons become completely made of flesh, they even have blood vessels, a beating heart, can eat, and even go to the bathroom, this was tested when I held hands with Kireina, afterwards, to prove this point further, she hugged me tightly and pressed my ear into her chest, and I was able to hear her heart beating… and it was very warm too.

Anyways, by becoming ethereal it is as if she became air, and cannot damage nor be damaged, but it's not like she can abuse this in the battle to dodge, as it takes around a minute for her to turn into ethereal and then back to the material.

In an ethereal form, she only drains 10% of the original mana she would drain while being materialized and can recover her HP slowly if she was wounded, if I send her wounded into the barracks, she will stay wounded though.

She can also see around my surroundings and speak to me as if she were some kind of ghost.

Lastly, I checked her current Skills, which seem to be passive skills that also grant her special abilities which could be used offensively.

[Realm Menace of Lust (S)]

The Skill represents the wielder of the Sin of Lust, which brings a wide variety of abilities, however, none of such abilities can affect the Summoner unless he desires to be affected by them after being asked to.

Charming Beauty: As the embodiment of the Sin of Lust, your beauty is unparalleled and your charm can even convince people to do your bidding, as long as they are weak-willed.

Succubus Queen: As the embodiment of the Sin of Lust, your libido is endless and you can have intercourse indefinitely, the more intercourse is done, the more vitality and mana can be acquired. Skill Points and EXP can also be acquired through this method.

Illusion Master: As the embodiment of the Sin of Lust, you are capable of creating illusions that play with people's emotions, perceptions, and warp their beliefs and minds. This can go as far as creating complete illusions of appearance to brainwashing. However, strong enough targets might be able to fight back with enough strength and willpower or discern illusions from reality.

[Vampire (S)]

The Skill represents the wielder as a Vampire, which brings a variety of abilities.

Vampire Weaknesses: You are weak to Sunlight and will cause constant damage to your Vitality if it hits you directly, Silver burns your skin and can ignore your defenses, and you take double damage from Holy, Fire, and Light Elements. These weaknesses can be lessened if the user drinks enough blood, with up to 80% decrease in weaknesses effectiveness.

Bloodsucking: As a Vampire, you can feed on the blood of your unsuspected victims and regain vitality and mana through it. The more blood you drink the more bonuses to your stats you gain, but the less you drink, the weaker you grow.

Bloodwork: You are capable of manipulating your own blood to generate all kinds of attacks, but vitality will be drained, alongside your summoner's Mana. Damage is calculated by your Magic Stat.

Vampire's Supernatural Senses: As a Vampire, your senses are increased to supernatural levels, you can perceive what ordinary people cannot, and see through the planes of the living and the dead, alongside being able to perceive danger easily, amongst other things.

Immortal Body: As long as you keep yourself well-fed with blood, your body can regenerate constantly even without changing into ethereal form, limbs can be restored with ease and an attack into your heart or lungs will not be deadly either.

[Grotesque Transformation: Nyarlathotep (S)]

As an entity that can shapeshift indefinitely like Azathoth's Avatar, Nyarlathotep, you gain a variety of abilities.

Shapeshifting: As long as you are given enough mana, you can shapeshift your form to whatever is within your mind, however, there are limitations to mass, and your strength will not increase by simply growing more muscle nor any of such things, and it could be considered to be merely aesthetic… But that is good enough to deceive others.

Horrifying Existence: Harness your power as a shapeshifter and become a horrifying fiend, causing [Fear] to any target while gaining a temporal boost to all your capabilities while in this grotesque form. Your flesh can keep growing and hastening your regeneration, and you become capable of devouring anything with your monstrous maws, but after the transformation is over, you enter into a weakened state and need to rest for at least 3 hours.

Nyarlathotep: as the one crowned with the name of this entity, your very existence warps the perception of reality around any target you deem as an enemy, constantly inflicting direct damage into their minds, causing a series of effects, such as hallucinations, horror, confusion, and insanity.

…

Well… that was a lot.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 15 - 4 Star Summon!


.

.

.

Okay so Kireina's Skills were more shocking than I thought, she still brought a ton of power despite her not really having all that she originally had in the novel.

Nonetheless, her abilities seem amazing in various aspects, such as the Vampire one giving her so many abilities, Nyarlathotep giving her shapeshifting and a temporal "monster form", and her Realm Menace of Lust giving her Illusion Magic to an extent…

And well… then there's the additional Abilities it had like… Charming Beauty and Succubus Queen, but those are… well, they are quite something.

Vampire also had great weaknesses, which I remember she was able to easily negate in the novel but here it seems to not be the case… unless she drinks blood.

Should I let her drink my blood?

Wait, why am I considering such a thing?

"Kireina, do you feel any… thirst for blood?" I asked as she was sitting over my bed while reading a manga.

"Oh? Thirst for blood? Well… not as of now. I feel quite fine. But I do know what you mean, Master. The Vampire Skill does have its weaknesses. But don't worry, I can always go out and catch some innocent person to drink their blood," said Kireina with a gentle smile.

Well, if they are going to die anyway in the apocalypse I suppose it doesn't matter if they die before by her…

Wait, why am I even considering that?

"Would it be better if you drank my blood?" I asked.

Kireina suddenly blushed.

"D-Drink Master's blood? But that's… What if you can't take it? Wouldn't it be bad? What if you turn into a Vampire too?" she asked.

"It didn't specify anywhere that you could turn others into Vampires. And it would honestly be kind of awesome to have such abilities if I were to be converted, so I don't really mind… And I am also not a normal human, I am quite a superhuman now that I leveled up… I would prefer if you drank my blood too. What if other Players find you outside and try to attack you? I don't want something to happen to you…"

Maybe I was being a bit melodramatic here…

But Kireina didn't take it lightly as she nodded, and slowly moved towards me, embracing me with a tight hug, she was a few centimeters taller than me as well, so it was really quite the motherly embrace.

"I see… Does Master doesn't want me to go away from him for not even a single second? Fufu… Very well then~ I shall drink your blood… But not now. I am fine for now, let's complete the dungeons so we can gather experience and level up, I want Master to grow strong enough to withstand my… appetite~" said Kireina, as she whispered "appetite" into my ear, as a chill ran through my spine and I felt something rising beneath my pants, which I quickly tried to suppress.

Being embraced by such a gentle and motherly beauty made me paralyzed once more, I wanted this feeling to last forever, to be honest.

"Hahh… Yeah… Let's… go to the dungeons now…" I said, as Kireina let go of me and kissed my nose.

"Alright then~ Though, what about the other Summons? Or am I the only one?" asked Kireina.

"Hmm… I was thinking about it, but my mana regeneration per minute is only a bit over 100, and you already drain 50 every minute. Maybe I could fit another summon, but more than that would drain my Mana completely and all of you would only be able to emerge for a bit…" I said.

"Oh, so that's how it is… Geez, do I drain that much Mana? I feel quite bad now…" sighed Kireina.

"Don't feel bad, you will be able to help me greatly, I don't mind giving you my mana…" I said, petting Kireina's silky hair, to which she responded by blushing.

"Ah… Master's pettings…" said Kireina while smiling, as she seemed to worship my petting… For a moment I thought she was more of a fox girl or something, it felt as if she were about to generate a tail and wave it happily.

Eh? And she did?

She suddenly grew fox ears and a fluffy fox tail of purple color, waving it around.

"Fox girl?!" I asked in surprise, as Kireina smiled.

"Don't you like it?" she asked, using her tail to brush over my face, it was quite fluffy and had a floral scent…

Right, she's a shapeshifter… Well, Kireina simply became even more perfect now…

Anyways, after I enjoyed a bit more of Kireina's temporary fluffiness, I finally glanced at the other Hero Jewels I had.

Each Hero is summoned as a jewel and is not created until I activate the jewel.

While being a Jewel, I can see the Hero's status and what Skills they could have.

And I can also extract the Skills I want, but the Jewel will disappear and leave Hero Fragments behind… but this method is better than creating them and taking away their Skills, that would be way too cruel.

Oh, something about stars, it seems that every star increases the Hero's max stats (all of them) by 50, so Kireina, as a 5 Star, has +250 in all stats from the get-go. Well, that was already included in her status when I saw it.

Anyways, to get Skills I need Skill Points, I have a bit over 100, but that's not enough, as I see the Skills of all the other four heroes, the cheaper is Emerald's Danger Perception, which costs 300 Skill Points to learn! Agh…

Well, I guess I could get some Skills later then.

For now, I will summon Ervas, as he seems to be a healer, and although Kireina can heal herself, I can't heal myself! So I need him.

I quickly take away his green-colored jewel, as I activate it, and a magic circle emerges in the ground.

Flash!

"Oh my, so cute!" said Kireina, as she glanced at the little boy that emerged from it.

He looked like a boy at his three years of age, he was already able to walk but was still small and adorable. His eyes were crimson red, and glowed rather eerily, devoid of light as if they were the eyes of a dead fish.

His hair was silky and black, with a few white strands. He also had a small, white horn growing at the left side of his forehead.

He wore tribal-like clothes of gray and brown colors, these were the clothes from the tribe of Squirrel-kin beast-people that he joined early in the story.

He was expressionless and glanced at me directly.

"Are you my Master? Thanks for summoning me… You must already know my name but… I am Ervas," he said rather carefreely.

Ervas, another protagonist of my novels have been summoned… and he was almost the same as in the novel too…

Kireina quickly went and grabbed him.

"Oh my, he could be like our child~!" said Kireina.

Wait, our child?!

"I don't mind…" said Ervas, extending his hands at me as I hugged him afterward, he was true quite the cute boy.

"Master, leave the healing to me. I can also summon plants and do a bit of Telekinesis, but nothing too fancy though…" he said while giving me a reassuring nod.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 16 - Gold Dungeon Exploration


.

.

.

"Giiiisshaaaa!"

A purple-scaled snake jumped towards me with raging speed, its entire body was around 2 meters long, and the size of its jaws seemed oversized compared to its thin body. I was sure that it could easily eat me with it.

But the deadliest thing was the fangs with venom that it pointed at me. Even if this were a monster generated by the dungeon, I was sure as hell that the venom would kill me slowly if that thing were to bite me.

However, I quickly pointed my bat at it and hit it directly with all of my strength.

CLASH!

"Grrassshh…!"

The snake groaned in pain but it was not as affected, as it quickly tried to jump over me again.

Yeah, I am quite weak.

But I am a summoner, so my strength also lays within my summons!

SLASH!

A sudden black spear impaled the head of the snake a second after, generating an aura of darkness that began to consume the entire beast within seconds.

Somehow, the snake was still moving around for a bit before turning into black smoke and leaving some gold coins behind.

Ding!

[You gained a small amount of EXP]

[You gained +1 Skill Point]

"Phew… Master, are you okay?" asked a beautiful fairy woman with pale-white skin, bright crimson eyes, long purple hair, and large butterfly wings that shined with deep crimson and dark purple colors.

"Yeah, thanks for the help, Kireina. It is nice that I can get Experience Points even if I don't kill them. As long as I hit them once, I can also get some shared EXP."

"This should be the last room before Room 4, where the Boss is, right?" asked Ervas, who was sitting over my shoulders, he was protecting me from hits by generating barriers of Telekinesis and also healing any wounds through his Life Spirit Magic.

"Indeed… Oh, there it is. That should lead us to the Boss…" I said, pointing at the new gate that emerged out of thin air.

We had just entered the Gold Dungeon of Beginner Difficulty only five minutes ago. This place was not similar to the Tutorial Dungeon at all, as it resembled a large forest, although it was still locked within "rooms" which were open areas within the trees.

Kireina had tried to fly over the misty sky, but she said she hit an invisible barrier when she got high enough.

In this place, we found two types of monsters, Venomous Vipers and Gold Rats.

Venomous Vipers were the beasts we just killed, they came around 5 per Room, and didn't drop as much Gold (although way more than any other monster I have fought).

And then there's the rare Gold Rats. As their name implies, they are literally rats made of gold the size of a cat, they are incredibly fast ad evasive, and after a few seconds of appearing, it disappears if we can't catch it and kill it.

However, with Kireina's speed, we had been able to easily slay any rat we met.

These rats are special, as they drop large quantities of gold compared to the Snakes.

And about Kireina… she's a beast.

Her speed is amazing, her spear can literally kill anything it touches almost instantly, and her beauty is captivating, even more as she bathes in the blood of the monsters- Err, no, forget the last part.

My point is, she's an amazing summon. To be expected of a 5 Star summon!

She hasn't even used magic yet, and she's simply using her speed and spear to decimate most things.

Oh right, any Hero I summon comes with a weapon and equipment, but I think that's only from 4 Stars and above, 3 Stars might not come with a full set.

Ervas also came with his own full set of things, and he has been sitting over my shoulders while protecting me from anything while Kireina slays any monster I hit once.

His abilities are very useful, although he doesn't have the ridiculous speed and strength that Kireina does, he has a lot of utility.

Here are his stats before leveling, alongside his Skills info.

…

[Name: [Ervas Igni]

[Race: [Half-Demon]

[Stars: [★★★★]

[Element(s): [Nature], [Life]

[Weapon Type: [Staff]

[Skill Points: 0]

[Level: [01/10]

[Vitality: [250/250]

[Strength: [210]

[Magic: [320]

[Dexterity: [250]

[Skills]

[Life Spirit: Gaia (A)]

[Druid (B)]

[Telekinesis (B)]

[Locked Skills]

[Healing Touch (B) (Locked)]

[Telekinesis Beam (A) (Locked)]

[Soul Void (S) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Mystical Branch of Yggdrasil (A)]

[Body: [Squirrel-kin Tribal Clothes (B)]

[Accessory: [Veronica's Phantasmal Ring (B)]

…

He has naturally higher stats than me though… that's due to the bonuses into stats from Stars. Each Star gives a Summon 50 stats in everything… But his normal stats would be without the extra 200 he gets from 4 Stars, which would be lower than me, I think…

But thanks to Stars, he's an overpowered baby.

His Skills let him do a variety of things, and here they are:

[Life Spirit: Gaia (A)]

The user has a natural contract with the Spirit of Life, Gaia.

By spending the Summoner's Mana, the user can summon Gaia and do a variety of things.

Life Spirit Magic: The user can summon the Life Spirit Gaia and conjure a small yet useful amount of Life Attribute Spells, which can enhance an ally's stats, heal wounds, enhance natural recovery, grant natural recovery, or even summon small plants and vines to attack.

Gaia's Love: The user of this Skill is naturally gifted by the Spirit of Life, and has an easy time dealing with nature. Being able to adapt to nature's weather, to be able to survive in nature, and to be able to call upon nature for help.

Nature Charm: The user is naturally charming to any Nature-type being, and those that are tamed by him will obey the user's thorough.

The strength ad intensity of the Skills over other living beings depends on how much Mana can be drained from the Summoner alongside the user's stats.

…

[Druid (B)]

As a Druid, the user can feel plants, talk to them, and even feed them with mana to slowly tame them and convert them into strong allies.

Plant Whisper: Speak with Plants and slowly convince them to aid you, if enough Mana is given, Plants would be able to evolve into Plant Monsters and follow you around, the summoner becomes the Master of these plants.

Plant Binding Technique: Bind any plants you have tamed into your own body to carry anywhere, while being bind inside the user's body, plants can recover Vitality.

Plant Enhancement: Harness your nature's capabilities to temporarily enhance all plants you have tamed, making them stronger depending on how much Mana is drained from the summoner.

…

[Telekinesis (B)]

As someone who pushed their limits through the overuse of Mana and the No-Attribute Magic Spell "Telekinesis", you have acquired this power for yourself and can use and shape it freely.

Telepathy: You can use your Mind Capabilities and talk through your very thoughts with anyone, you can also grant the ability to talk through Telepathy to anyone that has a connection with you, such as your Summoner and your fellow Summoned Heroes.

Mind Force: Use the sheer strength of your mind force to make items float, create barriers of colorless Telekinesis energy, or attack by pushing this Telekinesis energy aggressively, with enough mastery more ways to fight and defend can surge.

Flight: Using your Telekinesis, lift your body to the air and float, spending a bit of Mana. You can also grant the [Flight] Status Effect to anyone you desire, giving them the ability to float by spending Mana.

…

As you can see, Ervas can do all of this, but he's still not as overpowered because what he can do is very limited, he cannot simply create a cannon of telekinesis and blast anything because that would drain all my Mana.

He can't heal lost limbs either, but the heal is good enough, way better than anything, and he said he's good at relocating bones and surgery as well…

Additionally, he has been taming a few plants through this forest-like dungeon, and we have a small group of five Walking Grasses following us, the only thing he can tame for now.

They are weak and can't do anything, but maybe they can grow stronger into big monsters, just like in my novel where he recruited tiny grasses that turned into giant masses of parasitic vines later on.

As long as it can evolve, it can become anything!

Anyways, he quickly equipped them inside his body through Plant Binding to bring them home when we leave the Dungeon, and we decided to advance into the next room.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 17 - Farming Piles Of Gold!


.

.

.

Kireina walked to my left side as she nodded with blazing resolve.

"Let's go, Master," she said while holding my hand tightly.

Why is she doing this? I am not nervous, you are literally overpowered, Kireina!

Anyways, as she held hands with me, we walked towards the next "room", which only brought us to a more open area within this misty forest.

The first thing we saw was… nothing, of course.

But a second after, a large magic circle appeared, alongside ten smaller ones.

The largest magic circle summoned what seemed to be an enormous Venomous Viper, it was around ten meters long, with a jaw that could easily eat my entire body in a single bite.

Well, things got quite serious now.

The Venomous Viper had shiny purple scales and enormous fangs that could easily kill me instantly if they were to pierce my head or chest.

And it was also covered by golden accessories that seemed to enhance its strength somehow…

Alongside that, ten Venomous Viper, the normal and "small" ones appeared around the Boss, as all the creatures hissed at us angrily.

Alongside that, three totems appeared around the battlefield.

The Venomous Viper Boss started immediately to attack by firing large projectiles of purple-colored slimy poison from its fangs, which I was forced to evade while Kireina intercepted them and destroyed them with her spear.

Clash! Clash! Clash!

"Kireina, distract the Boss while I and Ervas take care of the smaller ones!" I said, giving Kireina an order.

"Very well! Ervas, take good care of Master!" said Kireina, as she rushed towards the Boss and began to intercept its attacks so they wouldn't reach us.

"Leave it to me… Master, hit this one," said Ervas, as he suddenly summoned vines from his hands, the combined Grasses he tamed merged together and created a long vine (I never expected them to be useful so fast) and they suddenly entangled one Venomous Viper that was lurking behind me, grabbing it by the neck and entangling it!

I quickly braced myself, raising my bat and hitting the Viper's head multiple times, until its eyes began to fall out of its skull and the whole head cracked open!

They were way harder to kill than the Horned Rabbits, taking several hits even into the head, but I managed to kill it, nonetheless.

Meanwhile, Ervas was holding back another five by creating a transparent barrier of telekinesis.

"Master, here are the other five, grab this EXP," said Ervas cutely, as he patted my head and pointed to the snakes.

I quickly cleaned the sweat dripping from my forehead and hit the five Snakes in a row as if I were playing Wack-a-Mole.

Clash! Clash! Clash! Clash! Clash!

The five snakes groaned in pain as they were trying to get through the barrier stupidly, but as it was a mass of transparent mind energy, Ervas had them tightly trapped inside.

He also used his own attacks, creating small bullets of telekinesis which he fired into the heads of the snakes, which usually killed them with three hits, but he left them for me to finish most of the time, although he did finish some.

A vast amount of Experience Points rushed into my body, reaching my very soul and nourishing my entire being.

Ding!

[You gained a good amount of EXP]

[You leveled up to Level 6!]

I finally leveled up after the entire dungeon exploration… And I was already getting way more EXP than in the previous Tutorial Dungeon.

I can't see how much exact EXP I earn nor how much I need to level up, but it seems that the higher the level, the more EXP is needed (well, duh).

There was four Venomous Viper left, which were chasing us around while I evaded their jumping attacks, sometimes Ervas blocked them with a small and temporal shield of telekinesis, and other times I kicked them in the chin.

Finally, after some time of evading, we found a good spot within their patterns and caught another viper, which Ervas trapped with the vines created through the Walking Grass he tamed.

I raised my bat ad finished it off with four hits of my bat, it seems that I was getting better at this.

Clash! Clash! Clash!

"Grrysha…!"

The snake poofed into black smoke, leaving some gold, which I quickly touched and immediately sent to my Inventory.

The other three Snakes worked together and jumped all over us.

Ervas blocked two of them with telekinesis, but another slipped off his grasp and bit my hand.

Ouch.

The pain of the sharp knife fangs penetrating my flesh hurt like hell, and I could clearly feel the venom seeping into my veins too.

However, I quickly used this opportunity to grab the snake maliciously, as I began to twist its head with all the strength I could muster.

I think the damn viper glanced at me with horror because I was doing a pretty creepy face as I killed it with my bare hands.

A little bit more strength and then…

Crack!

The entire neck was broken and the creature died almost instantly, poofing into black smoke.

"Gaia, use Antidote and Lesser Healing Life,"

Ervas quickly summoned Gaia, the Life Spirit, which had the exact appearance as the art I commissioned about her, she resembled a beautiful little girl made of wood with hair made of long leaves and shiny golden eyes.

"Okay!"

She smiled happily as she touched my wound.

Flash!

Bright white light and yellow light entered my wounds, detoxifying the venom and also healing the wound, I was back up to perfect condition.

Amazing, this was the power of a healer!

Ervas used his tiny fists to hit the last two vipers while floating over the air, throwing them into the ground as I began to crush them with my boots and hit them with my bat, after a few seconds, they disappeared into black smoke, although my boots were now covered in blood.

Meanwhile, Kireina was trying to get through the Venomous Viper Boss Scales, and she had done some heavy damage to it, but the beast was big enough to sustain its life yet, and roaring angrily as it sprayed poison everywhere…

Kireina was not immune to poison like in my novel and had already been poisoned, so Ervas quickly healed her a bit from this status effect, as she sighed.

"Let's finish this off now!" I said as the large viper confronted us with a loud hiss.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 18 - Boss Battle! Against The Giant Venomous Viper!


.

.

.

The gigantic Venomous Viper hissed loudly, resembling more like a roar than a hiss.

The large Boss monster quickly began to slither around the large "room" as it kept firing venomous projectiles at us.

Kireina remained in front of me as she used her powerful spear and her amazing strength to intercept each attack and block it, while Ervas constantly used Antidote to heal her poisoned state.

The Venomous Viper power was rather large compared to the little ones, and we were still slowly diminishing it.

Both of them consume 100 Mana per minute, and I regenerate a bit more than that per minute, although, with each level up, my mana increases a lot and so does my regeneration.

For now, I think I am recovering 125 Mana per minute, so there are 25 free Mana they can use per minute. If they spend more, the large mana pool I have will be depleted quickly and they might even be sent into ethereal states, leaving me defenseless.

For now, Ervas conjured Telekinesis Bullets every few seconds, which cost 5 Mana, while Kireina created a large blade made of crystalized blood using her own blood, which cost 10 Mana.

Both of them continuously fired these projectiles over the Venomous Viper's body, diminishing its hard scales.

However, it was taking some time.

But like any Monster inside Dungeons, they had patterns, like monsters inside video games.

The Venomous Viper constantly slithered around the "room" in circles, trying to eat us up with its giant jaws for around 40 seconds, afterwards, it would coil and jump into the center of the room, trying to crush us.

And afterward, it would begin slithering again while firing bullets of poison.

It had three paces, I suppose.

And the one that was the best to attack was the few seconds after it coiled and hit the center of the room, as it would wait a few seconds before going into the next mode.

For now, we evaded its giant jaws as it tried to devour us, jumping around while Kireina blocked it with her spear.

Despite being strong, she wasn't able to completely overpower the beast, and because she needed to protect me as well, she couldn't go all out either.

And even if she were to go all out, the poison would consume her Vitality way too fast and she would most likely turn into ethereal form, which is the way of "dying" for any summons unless I die, they will never die but turn into this form until they can recover.

"Grrryshaaa!"

The Viper suddenly "roared" again, as it coiled in a few seconds and jumped like a spring!

We quickly jumped off the center, moving near the corners of the room, as the beast's entire weight hit the ground, making the ground shake furiously!

BOOM!

"Now, Master!" Kireina alerts me about this window where we can hit the damn boss with all we have, and Ervas jumps out of my shoulders, using his tiny fists to hit the viper, he had 200+ Strengths after all and could hit harder than me with my bat.

I braced myself after I had touched a few totems in the way, which boosted my stats by 20%, and began to hit the damn creature with all of my might.

Clash! Clash! Clash! Clash!

Kireina used her Khaos Spear, covering it in darkness and unleashing dozens of piercing attacks that penetrated the beast's flesh, while Ervas used his bare fists to hit it.

I saw its Health Bar quickly reduce to almost 40% before the beast finally decided to attack once more.

Perhaps it was a blessing in disguise that monsters were so robotic in the dungeons, just like games, we would be able to abuse weaknesses that no normal animals would have,

The beast quickly roared once more, moving the tip of its tail, and trying to throw us off balance.

SLASH!

CLASH!

However, Kireina raised her spear, clashing against the tip of the viper's tail, blocking the hit for us as the viper jumped into the "room's" corner and began to slither around once more while trying to bite us.

We jumped and evaded its giant jaws, as Kireina used her blood blades and Ervas used his telekinesis bullets, slowly diminishing the beast…

A bit more…

Come on…

The beast quickly changed patterns once more, deciding to the coil and jump over us again!

We quickly evaded and then jumped right over it!

I braced myself, with this bat which I don't even know how it is withstanding hitting this thing for so long, as Kireina used her sharp spear and Ervas his telekinesis bullets!

Clash! Boom! Crash! Slash!

"GRRYYYAARRR…!"

The Venomous Viper suddenly gave a last cry, as the bar of HP quickly went all the way down to zero!

Boom!

The gigantic head had fallen over the ground… motionlessly.

"We did it…" I sighed, panting for air.

"Phew… That was quite something. But it is a good practice when things get real in a few days!" said Kireina with a gentle smile, as she petted my head.

"Good job, Master, Kireina," said Ervas expressionlessly, although he forced a mild smile. I remember having given him a Caring, Gentle, and Dependable Nature, and it seems that he became just like in the original novel… Although the trait of being expressionless remained.

Poof!

The Venomous Viper Boss exploded into black smoke, leaving a pile of gold for us.

I quickly caught it all and we decided to walk out of the dungeon at last.

Ugh.

I jumped over the bed as I assessed the System Windows in front of my sight.

Ding!

[You gained a lot of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 7!]

[You gained +50 Skill Points!]

[You earned the [First Clear Dungeon Bonus: 3 Orbs]!]

[You completed the Daily Quest: [Defeat 20 Monsters: 1000 Gold]!]

Level 7 and it hasn't been an entire day since then… Huh.

Maybe I can get to Level 10 on the first day since I got my System? That's quite something.

And if there are more "Players" like me with their own Systems, I wonder how strong can they get in a single day.

Or maybe I am special with my daily dungeons?

Hmm…

Well, there are still two more tries, alongside two other dungeons with three tries each, so this is no time to slack off.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 19 - Great Progress And...


.

.

.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 14]

[Gold: 5630]

[Hero Feathers: 1000]

[Job: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 128]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [7/10]

[Vitality: [70/70]

[Mana: [1.600/1.600]

[Strength: [70]

[Magic: [270]

[Dexterity: [87]

[Skills: [Summon]

[Summoned Heroes: None.

…

I watch my stats… I have become a bit stronger now.

I may reach 100 Strength after hitting Level 10, nice.

My Mana is way higher now too. And my Magic is 270!

…If I had some offensive skill, it would be nice.

I have 128 Skill Points, not enough for any Skill from the Hero Jewels I have… So I have to keep getting more by killing monsters.

And what else… Oh, gold.

Each run in the dungeon gave me exactly 3000 Gold. I guess I can get 9000 Gold every day with the three daily runs?

Though… fighting that damn Viper again will be certainly a pain in the arse.

Nonetheless, I am getting these vibes of LitRPG novels already, I like leveling up and other stupid stuff, so I am mildly enjoying my suffering…

Maybe I just become a masochist?

I hope not.

Before going to the dungeon I decided to go to the bathroom and do some off-camera stuff to relax a bit while reading the phone.

Everything seems normal, the world seems serene and tranquil.

It is as if this entire thing was but a dream of me, a hallucination, or perhaps my delusions?

Maybe I am simply getting senile?

But…

I glance at my stomach.

It was once sluggish and not ripped at all.

But after leveling 6 times, I didn't notice but…

I am as hard as a rock…

I even have biceps now, amazing.

I am guessing that stats do this to you.

I wonder if other Players also have RPG-like systems, or they have completely different Systems that do completely different things?

Thinking about it, I got a pretty insane System myself… But what about the others?

If the System can give so much in exchange for memories… Couldn't there be one guy with some System that makes them invincible?

Or a System that simply lets them instantly kill anything?

Or a System that can let them evolve?

Damn, now I am envying whoever got such a thing.

But to get such Systems your very desires need to match.

The System Ticket doesn't obey you, it simply glances at your entire life through your memories and decides the most fitting system for you, you can't simply wish it, it just happens to depend on the life you had.

Maybe the Systems won't be as insane then…

But what about a Psychopath? What would they get as a System? Something that lets them kill anything easily? An Assassin System?

I get goosebumps by just thinking about the terrifying enemies I might encounter soon.

What can I even do against someone that could cause instant death though?

…If there is such an almighty power as giving me perfect recreations of my novels, then someone getting instant death doesn't sound all that unrealistic, right?

Or maybe that would be way too unbalanced? Perhaps they will get the power to steal souls or something instead…

Wait, my summons can't die as long as I don't die…

And I am sure that they might not have normal souls either…

So perhaps…

Well, no point in wondering these stupid things pointlessly.

I really have to get as strong as possible.

I quickly get off the bathroom, stretch a bit, eat a little snack with everyone, drink water, and get ready.

We quickly enter the Gold Dungeon again, and because Kireina and Ervas had leveled up some more, we made quick work of the rooms, until the last boss.

Now that we had experience fighting it from before, things became smoother, but the beast still fought a lot.

We were not perfect either, its poison hit us a few times, but Ervas was there to heal us, he was a big life-saver.

I kept hitting it when it finally coiled, my bat was somehow not twisting around after hitting the damn boss for so much, and I was beginning to wonder why was that even…

Kireina used her sharp spear and blood blades to finish off the Boss after a few minutes, which at the end turned into black smoke…

Phew, that was rather quicker than I expected.

But no level up…

I check the EXP bar, and I am halfway through, maybe another run would do it.

We quickly dive into the gold dungeon once more, and everything goes even faster than before, even I become able to catch the snake's patterns more easily now, and I usually crush their heads while they jump at me.

We breeze through it until reaching the Boss once more, and this time we are even more experienced than before. Although we have not completely memorized everything, its patterns are very familiar to us and Kireina was easily able to intercept the attacks of poison.

After a bit, we defeated the beast in a time record of 4 minutes and 43 seconds… That was quite the fast-paced progression I like.

Ding!

[You gained a lot of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 8!]

Level 8, nice.

Alongside this, we collected a ton of Gold, a literal pile of it…

And also, I got a bit more Skill Points.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 14]

[Gold: 11630]

[Hero Feathers: 1000]

[Job: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 258]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [8/10]

[Vitality: [80/80]

[Mana: [1.700/1.700]

[Strength: [80]

[Magic: [290]

[Dexterity: [99]

[Skills: [Summon]

[Summoned Heroes: None.

…

Ugh, not enough for any Skill yet, the cheapest ones are 300 Skill Points!

But I can get to it by completing more Dungeons. We did the three Gold Dungeon runs that were daily, now we just do the other two, the EXP and the Skill Points Dungeon.

Maybe I should have done the Skill Points Dungeon from the very beginning?

I don't know why but I liked to do it in order, in games it really didn't matter, you would get all of them anyway every day…

But I guess I was going too rash here, although the EXP Dungeon also sounds juicy.

Well, we are doing all of them anyways.

Now, now, I wonder, what the heck is Gold for?

No, it is not to sell in the real world and gain money…

But this Gold to be an all-purpose material that is used to upgrade Hero's Stars, Hero Weapons, Hero Equipment, and also the Rank of their Skills (alongside Skill Points).

So they are quite essential for everything pretty much.

And… eh?

I glance at my bloodstained bat as it begins to glow with a crimson light…

Strange, bloodthirsty energy begins to emanate from it, making it seem creepy and eerie.

I knew it, there's something really wrong with my bat.

And to top it all, my clothes are flowing with some strange, blue-colored light.

…Did the bat and my clothes just became game-like equipment by any chance?

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 20 - Cursed Weapon?


.

.

.

I am both startled and curious about what the heck is going on with my clothes and the bat.

It was already suspicious that the goddamn bat wasn't getting all disfigured after hitting a beast with scales so big they resemble steel shields.

The bat might be metallic, but I am pretty sure it is hollow, so it would end up breaking at the end… right?

Even more, now that I keep getting stronger through leveling up.

…Right?

The bat, however, seems to have suddenly come back to life.

I felt dim energy coming from it before, but now that it has bathed itself with the blood of many monsters, it does indeed looks quite menacing.

It is emanating a crimson red aura as if it were a cursed item.

Kireina and Ervas noticed me glancing at my own weapon as well, and asked me what was wrong.

"Master? Is that bat… a cursed weapon?" she asked.

"I don't detect any soul inside of it, but it does indeed emanates a strong bloodthirst," said Ervas.

"My bat? A cursed weapon? This thing?"

Cursed Weapons. In many of the novels I have written, they are… well, special Magic Weapons which had been inhabited by evil spirits or souls, or even ghosts.

They possess supernatural abilities and can grow stronger with their wielders, often even having their own status if the novels have Systems.

Though I kind of hate talking weapons, so I am glad my bat hasn't begun to speak to me or something.

But how did it became a cursed weapon?

By bathing in the blood of monsters?

My own Mana being infused into it?

I don't really know, but… this awesome, nonetheless.

At first, I had wanted to steal the clothes of my next summon, but I quickly found out that summons equipment is unique to them, and cannot be equipped by anyone else, not even me.

So I have to somehow find my own equipment…

And this about was the first weapon I found inside my house today.

After a few dungeons run… it is already glowing eerily.

I move it around to find out that it is in perfect condition somehow…

I inspect it for a while, until its information comes out, just like an actual game item.

…

[Accursed Metallic Baseball Bat (F-Grade)]

An ordinary Metallic Baseball Bat that evolved into a Cursed Weapon after bathing into the highly magical blood of monsters, alongside bringing their ends in gruesome ways which were fueled by a wicked, malevolent master.

[Durability: 95/100]

[Attack Power: 120]

[Magic Conductivity: 55]

[Weapon Speed: 90]

[Traits: [Cursed Weapon (F)], [Evolving Weapon (F)], [Automatic Repair (F)], [Slaughter Healing (F)] (New!)

…

Is this a joke?! It really has stats and even Traits that seem like its own Skills.

Wait, is this baseball bat actually way better than me? It even has amazing Skills…

And what do you mean wicked master? I am pretty sure that I am not THAT edgy.

Well, what would a stupid system know anyways… Time to check out its Traits, which are more like Skills in a way.

…

[Cursed Weapon (F)]

A weapon that has bathed in the blood of many monsters and had to take their lives away gruesomely would turn into a Cursed Weapon, gaining supernatural abilities that far exceed a common weapon.

…

[Evolving Weapon (F)]

A Cursed Weapon has the power to evolve by constantly draining Mana from any victim it kills, alongside residual energy from their very souls.

The more living beings it kills, the stronger it will grow, gaining extra stats until a qualitative change occurs and it triggers evolution.

There might be the chance for the weapon to gain additional Traits and a new appearance through evolution.

…

[Automatic Repair (F)]

Magic Weapons and Cursed Weapons have the power to automatically repair themselves by consuming Mana from the monsters they slay or from their wielders.

The speed at which it can recover increases as the Trait becomes of higher Grades.

…

[Slaughter Healing (F)] (New!)

A Cursed Weapon has the malevolent power of draining the life of those it slaughter, healing a portion of the wielders Vitality with each monster it slays with the weapon.

Maximum recovery: 5% of the monster's vitality.

…

This is quite an amazing weapon.

And it just got this new Trait as well, Slaughter Healing.

With this, I can have another way to recover a bit of Health, but seeing how it is F-Grade, the amount it can heal is not as good… Ervas is still very useful as a healer.

It is probably thanks to Evolving Weapon that the Bat has gained more stats and it's growing stronger with every monster we slaughter… it even has the menacing red aura, and it is still F-Grade!

Imagine if it were A-Grade, what kind of monster would this weapon be?

It's already pretty amazing.

I guess I am keeping this boy for some more time.

Though I am a summoner! Shouldn't I have an epic staff to conjure some stuff?

Nope… just a cursed baseball bat that thirsts for the blood of the innocent.

And then there's… my own clothes.

They are also glowing with bluish and yellow colors…

…

[Accursed Ordinary Clothes of The Frustrated Web Novelist (F-Grade)]

An ordinary set of rand clothes that a very frustrated Web Novelist wears casually while writing.

After having been bathed in the blood and sweat of the user alongside his mana, and frustrated sexual desires, it has evolved and become stronger.

It asks for more.

[Durability: 210/210]

[Physical Defense: 86]

[Magical Defense: 45]

[Traits: [Cursed Equipment (F)], [Evolving Equipment (F)], [Automatic Repair (F)], [Status Effect Resistance (F)] (New!)

…

O-Oh…

It looks pretty good.

But what with the name?!

Frustrated Web Novelist?! Why?!

…

Okay, let's calm down.

Don't let the System get you angered, this is what it wants, don't give it what it wants.

Anyways, the equipment itself is amazing, and it seems to be just my entire clothes, pants, shirt, everything.

Like those games where a whole set of equipment is actually a single item I guess?

And it is also cursed… and it can evolve as well.

It seems that the difference between the Evolving Weapon and Evolving Equipment is that the Evolving Equipment Skill doesn't need to kill a monster (because it can't), but it drains my own Mana and power when I level up to enhance itself.

And it just got Status Effect Resistance, which makes me more resistant to status effects, pretty nice.

I guess I am keeping these things if they are going to evolve more.

Though, I wish they could get some better and new appearance…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 21 - EXP Dungeon!


.

.

.

After I inspected my clothes and talked about them with Kireina and Ervas, both of them seemed impressed.

"I wish I could share my clothes with Master… but this System does not let me…" she sighed.

"Err, no, thanks. I was not going to wear a dress even if it could give me stats…" I sighed. Kireina had good intentions but that's not what I meant!

"This staff would have been better with Master," sighed Ervas.

"Well, I am fine with my devil baseball bat, it fits this insanity anyways…" I laughed.

"I do wonder, can you extract equipment from Summon Jewels the same way you do with Skills?" asked Kireina.

Oh, good question.

But the answer has already been revealed before my eyes.

"No, I can't do that with equipment sadly. I can with Skills, but the best ones cost an exorbitant amount of Skill Points," I said.

"Oh… Well, let's grind a ton of them then!" said Kireina.

"Indeed, let's go, the day is still young, Master," said Ervas.

"I am glad you guys are eager, let's do it then…!" I said, leading the two.

The next dungeon we decided to visit was the EXP Dungeon, which has three visits per day too, as it is a Daily Dungeon like in usual phone gacha games (there might be some exceptions such as Genshin Impact, but that game is not at all like the usual gacha I am used to play).

The Dungeon had the shape of a garden of flowers, like a wide-open field, but it was in fact enclosed with invisible walls.

The whole view was… beautiful, the clear blue sky, the shiny sun above.

Was this something generated by the System?

The forest of the Gold Dungeon was also beautiful, it has been really a while since I went out to nature.

"Uwah, so beautiful…" said Kireina while glancing at the open flower fields.

Flowers of all colors were slowly moving by the calm breeze of the wind.

From yellow, pink, purple, and green-colored flowers, it was really a beautiful ad panoramic view.

I never thought I would see such a beautiful sight after hearing about the apocalypse coming and all.

Life really gives twists and turns, huh…

"It's a beautiful place. Is this really a dungeon?" wondered Ervas, as he began to tame a few flowers, which quickly began to walk with their little roots, he could only tame a few per dungeon, it seemed, and these were part of our crew now.

They were very little flowers though… will they ever turn into something strong?

Well, as a web novelist that loves monster evolution novels, I am sure that a simple flower could turn into a god-eating monster plant, so there's the chance that it could indeed turn into something grand in the future.

"This is an ideal place to make a picnic and relax…" sighed Kireina, as she rested her head over my shoulder…

Why is she doing that? Her head is so… comforting.

And her hair smells so good.

However, before we could enjoy the sight any more, monsters began to emerge from the ground, summoned by magic circles.

I wonder how Dungeons work…

"Oops, I guess there's no time to relax~!" said Kireina, summoning her Spear, Khaos.

"Indeed… Let's not let our guards down…" said Ervas.

I braced myself, raising my cursed weapon as it began to emanate a crimson aura from within.

"Bbbzzzzz!"

The magic circles began to emerge one after another, as giant bees the size of cars appeared!

Why are they so big?!

And bees, to boot!

And they had gigantic sharp stingers as well.

Although they looked more like wasps now that I see them… they had sharp jaws, thin legs, and were not as chunky as bees. Well, they were still fluffy.

"BBBBZZZ!"

One of the bees rushed towards us immediately, they were a total of ten as well, and they were out for blood, not for pollen!

"Hah!"

Kireina quickly intercepted it with her spear, released a vertical slash with it that released a wave of chaotic darkness over the bee, making it dizzy ad damaging it at the same time.

Ervas then released a strong Telekinesis Bullet, leaving the bee weakened, as it fell over the ground.

And then I rushed to finish it off with the bat!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

The bat furiously hit the hard exoskeleton, aiming at the head, I heard several cracking sounds until the bee gave the last struggle and died.

"Bbbzzz…!"

Three hits were what it needed to finish it off, although the bat and my clothes were now covered in green and oozy blood, uegh.

Poof!

It disappeared into black smoke, as I quickly moved to the next victims of my bloodthirsty cursed weapon.

I saw as my EXP Bar was filling up at an incredibly quick pace, which startled me for a bit.

Each Bee was about 15% of my EXP Bar, unlike the usual 5% of the Venomous Viper (not the boss though).

I kept rushing through the "room" as I swung my bat at the weakened bees. I felt like I was leeching over the hard work of my summons, but that's the whole point of being a summoner anyways.

It still felt creepy to crush the heads and see so much green blood explode.

Nonetheless, my equipment didn't discriminate and absorbed all of this blood as if I was a vampire now.

Even more, the equipment gained a few stats alongside me.

When we killed all ten of them…

Ding!

[You gained a ton of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 9!]

Oho, Level 9!

One more level for level 10.

I can see that that's my cap, Level 10.

Do I get to change Jobs like in one of my Novels Systems at every 10 levels? That would be interesting.

After all, I don't have to limit myself to be a summoner! I could be anything I want.

As long as I keep the Summoning skill, I can be a summoner while being… I don't know, a Baseball Bat Knight?

What kind of Job would appear for me after Summoner anyways?

As I wonder this, we proceed towards the next room as a gate emerges in front of us.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 22 - Boss Battle! Against The Queen Bee!


-----

The next two rooms after the first one were exactly the same, and we fought 10 Giant Bees each, they barely dropped any gold, but the amount of EXP they gave was very nice, my EXP Bar was already almost filled up, we needed to kill the Boss and I would reach Level 10.

Kireina and Ervas were also leveling steadily, Kireina had reached Level 5, while Ervas Leve 6.

It seems that when a Summon has more Stars, the speed at which they level up is slower, this is why Ervas was able to get a level ahead.

However, higher Stars means she gets way more stats per level up, so Kireina is growing even stronger than before, but she still is getting used to her abilities, and says that she requires more practice… And well if I had more Mana she could go a bit more all out.

Meanwhile, Ervas stats have increased, but he's pretty focused in Magic, while everything else increases very little while Kireina is an all-rounder where she gets vitality, strength, magic, and dexterity.

They also seem to have level caps at level 10, I wonder what can happen after they reach it… Maybe they can change Jobs?

No… They clearly don't have those… then what?

Evolving?

Maybe they can evolve instead of getting Jobs like me… I didn't think about that.

But indeed, most of my characters can evolve in my novels, Kireina and Ervas also evolved after reaching level cap.

Well, whatever is the case, I don't think it will be anything bad.

After resting for a few minutes, we decided to enter the Boss room.

A large magic circle quickly emerged, as the shadow of a gigantic monster appeared.

It had the shape of the bees we have bee fighting, but it was gigantic, and it had a golden crown atop its head. The beast was at least 4 meters tall, and its abdomen extended over another 3 meters.

There were several holes within its abdomen, and it had no stinger…

Oh wait… don't tell me…

The Bee Queen quickly began to produce grubs within her insides, which emerged as smaller bees, although they were not the size of a car, they were the size of a… well, an adult dog.

But they were a ton!

The Bee Queen kept producing them, as we quickly braced ourselves and began slaying the smaller Bees while rushing towards the Bee Queen, which seemed to not fancy close combat.

"Bbzzzzz!"

The Queen Bee released a loud sound produced by her wings, as the many smaller Bee Soldiers flew towards us at fast speed, pointing their stingers at us and trying to impale us with them!

Kireina quickly jumped into the frontlines, extending a large mass of flesh from her left arm, and hitting three Soldier Bees in a single hit, while using her right arm to slash into pieces another three Bees with her powerful Spear, unleashing chaotic black-colored energy waves with each slash.

Slash! Slash! Slash!

With Kireina alone, most of the room was already cleaned off the Soldier Bees, but new ones kept appearing. The worst part, these things didn't give any EXP nor dropped gold.

The Queen Bee probably used them to attack us and wear us down, if I were alone into this, I would have been surely killed already.

Thankfully, as a Summoner, relying on my summons is the most natural thing to do, and Kireina was doing an excellent job at reinforcing such belief.

However, six more Soldier Bees appeared already, pushing us back while trying to kill us by piercing our bodies with their stingers.

I braced myself and touched a totem I was trying to get nearby, which made my body overflow with red-colored energy, increasing my vitality and strength by 20% for a few minutes.

With this slight powerup, I raised my bat and began to crush bees with it, its power had increased a bit now, and thanks to Slaughter Heal, even if I were sometimes pierced by the stingers, as long as I killed the bees, I would get some heal back.

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

As if they were baseball balls, I threw each bee into the air with my hits, while Ervas at my side occasionally healed me or Kireina while shooting Telekinesis Bullets at the bees that we missed to catch.

Like this, we continued for a few minutes, each step closer to the Queen Bee.

However, instead of becoming scared, the Queen Bee suddenly turned completely red after we got near her. She stopped producing bees and her legs shapeshifted into sharp scythes!

Are you kidding me?!

"BBBZZZ!"

Emanating an ear-piercing sound, the Queen Bee rushed headfirst towards me, aiming to slice me up with her scythes!

"Kireina!"

"I am here for you!"

Kireina quickly flew to protect me, intercepting the Queen Bee with her spear and hitting her multiple times with Blood Blades, which drained a ton of my Mana!

Slash! Slash! Slash! Slash!

"BBBZZZ!"

However, as if completely crazed with bloodthirsty, the Queen Bee kept attacking her as it received the piercing attacks of her spear and her blood blades.

Ervas quickly assisted Kireina as he constantly healed larger wounds that she wouldn't be able to regenerate on her in time, while I began to surround the Queen Bee.

SLASH! CLASH!

Kireina suddenly managed to impale the Queen Bee's head!

But that wasn't enough?!

The Queen Bee twisted its body as it directed its gigantic scythes towards Kireina's head, trying to take her down!

However, I reached her back and braced myself, suddenly feeling a rush of energy, mana, as it was absorbed by my Bat!

With a single swipe of my arms, the bat hit the Queen Bee's pierced head, crushing it into the ground as it exploded like a watermelon falling off a cliff!

CLASH!

Boom!

The body fell over the ground motionless, as I sighed in relief.

"Master you shouldn't have worried, I can always regenerate, even if it hits my head…" said Kireina.

"…I know. I just… wanted to take it down on my own, nothing else…" I said… Well, perhaps I forgot that for a few seconds.

Or maybe I just didn't want to see something like Kireina's head flying over the air…

Anyways, Kireina smiled warmly as she hugged me.

"Hehe, it makes me happy that you worry about me despite my strength…"

"Worrying? …Perhaps. Anyways, let's go out for now," I said.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 23 - Level Cap Reached! Job Change!


.

.

.

Ding!

[You gained a large amount of EXP!]

[Your Level has reached Level 10!]

Level 10 on the first day of getting my System… talk about fast progression.

I remember making Frank level slowly at first, is this the irony of life?

Ding!

[You can now undergo Job Change!]

[You change Jobs, visit the Job Change Tab]

[To successfully change Jobs you require materials such as Gold, Hero Feathers, Hero Fragments, or sometimes even Orbs]

Ooh, so Job changing is not free around here, I guess.

[You completed the [Defeat 30 Foes: 1000 Hero Feathers] Task!]

[You completed the [EXP Dungeon Beginner: 3 Orbs first completion bonus] Task!]

Oh, I also completed these ones, 1000 Hero Feathers and 3 Orbs, these seem to be the rearrest Materials around here, as you can't grind them so easily from the Daily Dungeons.

Alright, let's check my stats one last time…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 17]

[Gold: 12130]

[Hero Feathers: 2000]

[Job: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 338]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [10/10]

[Vitality: [100/100]

[Mana: [1.900/1.900]

[Strength: [100]

[Magic: [330]

[Dexterity: [123]

[Skills: [Summon]

[Summoned Heroes: [Kireina, Gluttonous Beauty] [★★★★★], [Ervas, Child of Nature] [★★★★]

[Equipment]

[Weapon: [Accursed Metallic Baseball Bat (F-Grade)]

[Body: [Accursed Ordinary Clothes of The Frustrated Web Novelist (F-Grade)]

[Accessory: None]

…

Oh man, already at 1900 Mana, that's pretty good… and 330 Magic is not bad either. I should definitely pick some kind of magic-based Job to abuse this… But wait, my summons also drains mana, don't they?

Ugh, this is a pain… I have to be cautious with my own energy resource and not get things that use it too much either.

Although in that time I killed the queen bee, my mana rushed into my weapon and enhanced its strength, maybe I can do that better with a special Job…

As I sit over my bed glancing at my system windows, Kireina begins preparing some snacks like the good motherly woman she is. She's making sandwiches for everyone, alongside some tea while Ervas watches TV.

I search through the System windows until I finally find the Job Chanting Tab, and then…

Ding!

[Available Jobs]

[Warrior]

[Sorcerer]

…

That's all.

Two options I suppose…

Well, can't I fuse them or something?

…

No?

I guess I don't have as many liberties…

Anyways, both seem intriguing, I am guessing the Warrior will just help me get better at what I have been already doing, while Sorcerer will help me channel my inner magic and use it to attack.

They look very simplistic, but I suppose there's a charm to it.

Though, there's no magic warrior around?

No?

Okay, it is just these two…

Well, if I can pick the other later, I will then.

I will keep going for more Mana and Magic so I can have more Summons at the same time.

After all, this Job changing stuff is just flavor and a bit of a powerup, but in the end, I am still a summoner that has a gacha system.

And it is not like I can't develop more physical strength, after all, the first day since I got this hasn't even ended... and I already reached Level cap…

I am really progressing fast… It feels like cheating.

Do other Players have RPG Systems? Maybe they are advancing just as fast? I hope not.

Anyway…

Ding!

[To change Job to [Sorcerer], you require 2500 Gold and 500 Hero Feathers]

[Use Materials?]

Oh, I have enough, let's do it then.

Ding!

[You exchanged 2500 Gold and 500 Hero Feathers!]

[You changed Jobs to [Sorcerer]!]

The moment I changed Jobs, I felt as if a rush of new power began to course through my entire body, giving me new strength and magic.

An aura of mana began to emanate from my body, as Kireina and Ervas glanced at me with a bit of surprise.

My mind suddenly received a rush of information, little things that gave me insight into how to use magic.

And then…

Ding!

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Apprentice Sorcerer (E)] Skill!]

Oh? I even learned a Skill!

Ding!

[You learned the [Mana Blast (F)] Skill!]

A second Skill!

…

Not anymore?

Just two then.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 17]

[Gold: 9.630]

[Hero Feathers: 1.500]

[Job: [Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 338]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [10/20]

[Vitality: [150/150]

[Mana: [2.400/2.400]

[Strength: [130]

[Magic: [550]

[Dexterity: [160]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Apprentice Sorcerer (E)], [Mana Blast (F)]

…

I take a peek at my stats and… they increased a lot!

550 Magic and 2400 Mana!

I can definitely get another Hero now with this amount of Mana.

Also, my Vitality, Strength, and Dexterity increased despite the new Job not being physically damage-based.

But from what I know about sorcerers, they get their magic from their very bodies, from talent, instead of learning it from advanced runic inscriptions and other stuff.

And many sorcerers can employ their inner mana and magic affinities physically as well, so I guess it could make sense in that regard.

Now, let me check these new Skills…

…

[Apprentice Sorcerer (E)]

A Skill that represents that you are a Sorcerer who had begun his journey through the usage of their inner magical talent.

You know basic magic manipulation, and can use your own mana, easily using it to flow through your body, shape it, and even use it to attack.

By learning more about Mana usage, you would be able to employ advanced methods of magic, spells, and more.

…

[Mana Blast (F)]

Concentrate your Mana in your hands or foot to release a small yet strong blast of pure Null-type Mana, dealing damage to a target that it is hit with the attack.

Mana Blast can ignore the enemy's defense but can be dampened by magical resistance.

Cost: Varies.

…

Oh yeah, this is what I wanted, finally, some skills for me!

Now I can employ long-ranged attacks aside from my physical ones using my baseball bat.

This is definitely great, I will make sure to train Mana Blast, maybe it can become something even stronger if it increases its Grade…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 24 - Grinding The EXP Dungeon For Fast Level Ups!


.

.

.

The first day of getting my System and I am already a Sorcerer, not bad at all!

And there are two more runs of the daily EXP Dungeon left! I am going to speed run this whole apocalypse.

Maybe I could even get to my third Job change on the first day? I need as much of an advantage as a freaking can!

I don't want to lose to an edgy teen with some Vampire System or a Great Demon System, so I better prepare if I don't want to get my blood sucked or my soul was eaten.

Also, there are two more runs for the Skill Points Dungeon.

After gathering enough there, I might be able to collect more Skills from the Hero Jewels I have.

For now, I have enough Mana for another Hero.

I see that they begin to drain more Mana as they level up, but as of now, Kireina is draining 54 per minute and Ervas 44, while now I recover 210 Mana per minute, I can easily fit another Summon.

And I will pick the strongest of the pile, of course, Evan, the Hero of Shining Skies.

Evan, as I said earlier, is a recurrent side character of the Epic of Caterpillar novel, he is Kireina's son-in-law, as he had a romantic relationship with one of her daughters.

Hahh… Having another Hero is nice, but he's also packed with cool Skills.

I have the impulse of just using him before summoning him and getting the amazing Skills he got.

Evan is a Light Attribute Hero chosen by Apollo in my novel, so he was naturally talented at Light Magic and Swords, although Kireina also made him train all types of weapons so he could be more versatile.

He has an A-Grade Skill named [Hero of Shining Skies] which gives him a ton of bonuses, but it costs… Uagh.

It costs 5000 Skill Points to learn for me!

What?!

Can I get that many even after running through the Dungeon of Skill Points three more times?

Perhaps… Or I could simply wait.

Hm, Evan, perhaps you may never see the light of the sun…

Or should I summon you anyways? I mean, three super-strong summons protecting me from all sides sounds pretty good too.

It all comes down to preference, but as a summoner, it is also a necessity to have more and more Summons at my side, I mean, that's my strength.

But then again…

Evan has other Skills that could be nice, such as Swordsmanship (Meh) and Apollo's Blessing.

Well, Skill Inheritance can only work with up to 3 Skills, but I can take any Skills, even those the Summon doesn't come unlocked with.

I guess I might take them… After all, they are like Skill Books to a point.

Maybe I can summon a copy if I ever get a repeated one.

Well, I don't need to be rash…

"Master, are you done? Come eat the sandwich I made for you~! There's also some tea to relax the mind," said Kireina gently, her tender voice resonated through my ears, and I decided to sit next to her and enjoy what she prepared kindly for me.

As we ate and drank tea, I spoke about my Jobs and the thing about using Skills or summoning the Summon.

"Oh, so you have become a Sorcerer, Master? I am glad you can grow outside of summoning other beings! There's no more reliable strength than the one you cultivate on your own after all! Ah! But you can rely on me always too!" said Kireina with a gentle chuckle.

She's sure reliable, so I will rely on her, and Ervas, or all my Summons, they're all loyal from the beginning, and created exclusively for me too.

"I believe that it would be better to pick any Skill that interests you, and then consider summoning a hero. Always prioritize your own strength," said Ervas.

"I see. I was kind of thinking the same, I will do that then… But it is not like I have any Skill Points for that yet… Well, let's go complete the EXP Dungeon two more times and then the Skill Points Dungeon," I said.

"Alright then~!" said Kireina, as she quickly drank the tea.

After eating the sandwiches Kireina prepared, we quickly made our way to the next two runs of the EXP Dungeon.

The Time Limit is around an hour, so we had to speed run it (as always).

The first run went smooth until the boss, and so did the second one. I practiced my hits with the bees, which I crushed with my Cursed Baseball Bat several times until they stopped moving.

Kireina and Ervas weakened them for me for the most part in the first run, but in the second I tried to take some on my own and without help, it took some time, but with the help of Mana Blast, which let me generate a small sphere of pure Null-Attribute Mana, the Bees usually fell with a combo of two hits of my bat and a Mana Blast.

We reached the Boss in no time as Kireina decided to charge directly into it, followed by Ervas who showered it with Telekinesis Bullets, now that I got more mana regeneration and mana pool, they were able to spam magic attacks more easily, and so I did.

It was kind of hard to concentrate on the mana blasts at first, but after a bit of practice, I managed to even aim from long distances quite accurately, as if it were my innate talent. I suppose I am really a sorcerer.

After the second run came the third one, and we went just as swift, this time I finished off the Queen Bee myself with a shower of Mana Blasts and my Bat blows, it was hard to take it on my own, but I somehow pulled it off. I had wanted to do this to prove my own strength, and Kireina and Ervas had accepted, although Ervas occasionally healed me.

After the two runs, my levels increased quite a bit.

Ding!

[You gained a lot of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 11!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 12!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 13!]

Three levels, not bad. It is really the EXP Dungeon if I can level up so fast by visiting it. It is a bummer that I can only do it thrice a day though.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 25 - Into The Skill Points Dungeon!


.

.

.

After the leveling up, we came back home, and just a few minutes had gone by even though if I combined the time of the two runs, more perhaps an hour or more had gone by.

I decided to rest in bed once more, while I checked my Status Panel.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 17]

[Gold: 9.930]

[Hero Feathers: 1.500]

[Job: [Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 498]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [13/20]

[Vitality: [210/210]

[Mana: [3.000/3.000]

[Strength: [190]

[Magic: [670]

[Dexterity: [235]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Apprentice Sorcerer (E)], [Mana Blast (F)]

[Summoned Heroes: [Kireina, Gluttonous Beauty] [★★★★★], [Ervas, Child of Nature] [★★★★]

…

Ah, my stats increased a lot once more, it seems that after the Job change, I get even more per level.

My Mana already reached 3000!

Sorcerer doubled my growth of Mana and Magic per level, so I am becoming even more of an overpowered magician (well, not really).

And my Magic is already at 670, pretty nice, my Mana Blast should do more damage than the swipe of my bat, but my bat still packs a punch as a cursed weapon, even more, that it can evolve and all, so I am not neglecting it.

I am probably going to become a mixed build of magic and physical attack, which is the way to go.

There's no point in choosing sides, why not both?

Although specialists are pretty interesting too, as they know their strengths and weaknesses better… But I have to simply grab any power I can for the moment, this is not really a video game, even though I got the game-like System golden finger.

I am sure as hell that as long as I continue using Mana Blast, the Skill might one day increase in Grade, perhaps at E-Grade, it will be able to shoot bigger spheres of mana that can explode or something… or maybe even infuse elements into it! Who knows?

After resting for a bit and going to the bathroom off-camera, we decided to quickly delve into the Skill Points Dungeon, the last one we could enter for the day, which also had three runs left.

Unlike before, I wasn't getting tired as fast now, mostly because of the enhancement to my physique that leveling up caused.

So I didn't even need to rest that much.

"Whew, I guess this one is the last of the three, let's do it quickly so Master can take a rest at last," said Kireina.

"Hm, let's quickly get this over with," said Ervas.

We quickly stepped through the gate in space, as our sight quickly changed.

Suddenly, we were welcomed into a place of… winter?

Wait, this is all snow.

We arrive in a place that is covered in snow and pine trees.

The sky is cloudy, and snowflakes are slowly falling from above.

I quickly walk around as I feel invisible walls stopping us from stepping too far away.

But the place is quite pretty, especially the mountains far away…

It is surprising to think that I have traveled more by going into dungeons than in my entire life back on earth…

I mean, did I ever went outside of New York.

Knowing the shithole it is, I should have.

But well, I hate going out… so it was a hard decision, and it wasn't as if I had any money.

And when I finally had, I was living fine by myself inside of my department while writing and earning money from it.

No need to go out and get assaulted by thieves at every corner.

Anyways, all of that shithole is probably about to get blasted off the orbit soon, when the Ragnarök gets in here.

I bet there will be an alien spaceship and just like in all our stupid movies where the first country they target is always the united states, they will blast us off.

I mean, if it is truly a battle royale between dimensions and stuff, it is an all or nothing, everyone will try to kill each other.

Otherworldly beings coming here to decimate us seem like an obvious future.

And if they're aliens with big technology and stuff… they could even destroy Earth.

Wait, that's terrifying, let's not think that yet.

I doubt a summoning system can even help me if the entire planet gets blasted into pieces…

I hope the progress is gradual and we don't get to fight planet-busters right away, that would be… bad.

Anyways, as I began to think about fucked up stuff, magic circles appeared in front of us, 10, and from them, rabbits emerged.

Oh, they're the cousins of the Horned Rabbits, Ice Horned Rabbits!

They're white rabbits but have aquamarine eyes and their horns are made of crystal-like ice.

And well, they're as big as the Horned Rabbit Boss I fought a while back, so I guess there's that difference.

They're around the same level of strength as the Bees, so we quickly rush into battle.

I raise my bat and hit one right away, as it groans in pain.

A second after, I aim with my hand.

Mana Blast.

Mana gathers in the palm of my hand like a sphere of mana flies towards the rabbit.

CLASH!

"Kyuuuu…!"

The rabbit groans, it is resilient.

It tries to attack me with its horn, almost impaling my chest but I evade it. However, it manages to get a scratch on my face, a bit of blood flows out of it, but nothing too bad.

My dexterity is pretty good at this point, so I managed to evade it.

As the rabbit gave me its back, I raised my bat once more and… BAM!

"Kyuu…!"

The rabbit dies right away, rather swiftly, I would say.

Ding!

[You gained some EXP!]

[You gained +10 Skill Points!]

10 Skill Points, that's x10 times what a normal monster gives.

So I guess there is a "multiplier" taking into place here, and instead of 1 Skill Point, I get 10.

Wait… Bosses always give 50 Skill Points.

So I will get 500 from them?

Oh damn… I can't wait to fight the Boss then…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 26 - Quest Complete!


.

.

.

I continued running through the dungeon at high speed with Kireina and Ervas at my side, together we make a good team.

Kireina offers good reflex, speed, offense, and even defense, a jack of all trades but that doesn't have any weakness, though she lacks much support.

Ervas brings healing, long-ranged attacks, and the ability to tame plants, which he has been accumulating a bit every time we entered Dungeons, although they are still small, so nothing much can be done yet. However, he sometimes employs them rather smartly, such as making them entangle each other to create vines, and other interesting uses.

And there's me, I have a cursed bat that heals me, and can shoot magic from afar.

Oh yeah, I guess I am the most lacking the bunch, but I believe I have been progressing a lot if you take into consideration that not even a day has gone by, I am completely speedrunning this game.

As we continued rushing through the dungeon, each room had 10 Ice Horned Rabbits, which went down swiftly by being hit with my cursed bat or blasted away with my Mana Blast from a distance.

The Rabbits always died while making a cute noise, which made things awkward.

But I continued through it and decided to not pay attention to the game-like monsters that repeat patterns all the time, I mean, are these things even actually alive?

Well, the blood is real to an extent because my equipment loves it.

Phew.

After some more slaughtering, we reached the damn Boss Room, and there it was, an enormous, five meters tall pure white rabbit with a horn made of ice, as sharp as a spear!

We braced ourselves, as I felt like I was more ready than ever, as I leveled up, I began to get tired way less, ad my overall physique has increased.

It felt as if I had hit the gym for over a year and had a healthy diet, but this was just leveling up.

Quite insane, to say the least.

"Here it comes, stay at my side, Master," said Kireina while giving me a wink and a reassuring smile, with a girl like this at my side I really feel a bit secure, but I also have to forge my own strength and not be too dependent on her, even if I am a summoner.

She had already understood that I wanted to be more active in battles and make some strength for myself, and often gives me the opportunities to hit the bosses until the last Boss we fought, which I took down almost completely by myself. I feel quite proud of that.

"Alright then, take care of my back!" I said, as Ervas nodded as well and unleashed several bullets of telekinesis to begin to fight, the giant Ice Horned Rabbit roared as if it were not really a rabbit, and ignored the attacks while running directly at me!

I quickly evaded in time, as I aimed at it with several Mana Blasts, which flew like bullets of transparent mana over its back, hitting it and making it bleed all over.

However, its body was big enough to withstand several wounds. The Boss roared and quickly twisted its body, rushing towards me once more.

Kireina quickly acted as she generated several blades of blood and fired them against it, impaling its large back as the beast groaned in pain and stopped charging, glaring at Kireina, and then charging against her!

Kireina smiled, however, as she aimed at it with her spear and unleashed consecutive stabbing attacks with the tip, each stabbing attack came forward with the chaos within the spear, like several attacks of darkness, the rabbit's horn was quickly shattered into pieces, and one of her attacks were aimed at its eyes!

"GRRYYYAHH…!"

The giant Rabbit groaned, becoming mad as Ervas showered it with Telekinesis Bullets and then made it trip by forming a slope made of plants on its way!

At the same time as this occurred, I spammed Mana Blast, which I continuously conjured, feeling as if the attack's proficiency was increasing as I used it every single time.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The rabbit quickly became mad as I glanced at its HP bar, which quickly decreased as the beast groaned and ran everywhere.

I quickly ran towards it while infusing mana into my weapon, and concentrating all my might into this blow!

CLASH!

Hitting it right above its head, the monstrous rabbit groaned, hitting the floor as blood exploded all over!

I was about to hit it again, but the rabbit suddenly exploded into black smoke…

Oh, I killed it?

I felt the rush of EXP and Skill Points… and yeah, they were +500.

"Phew, good work, master! You're making me so proud~!" said Kireina as she embraced my back and caressed my head. I couldn't move her away because her warmth and gentleness were irresistible.

"It was nothing, I still got a long way to go," I said.

"Let's continue, Master, there should be two more times, right?" asked Ervas.

"Indeed, let's do it."

After exiting the dungeon we entered again almost right after, and we swoop through the rooms until the Boss, which we defeated this time by merely raining it with long-ranged attacks.

The third time was just as fast, but the Boss was defeated by me alone as a practice, although it took more time, I managed to do it swiftly by hitting its head with my Mana Blasts and then with a baseball bat when it got close enough…

In the end, we acquired a bunch of Skill Points, and my level went up once.

Alongside that, some Tasks were completed, and I got the 3 Orbs of the first completion too.

[You completed the [Complete Gold, EXP, and Skill Points Dungeon Once Each: 20 Orbs, 5000 Gold, 5000 Hero Feathers] and [Level Up a Hero to Level 5: 10 Orbs, [Random Item Box] x2] Tasks!]

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 50]

[Gold: 17.930]

[Hero Feathers: 6.500]

[Job: [Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 2900]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [14/20]

[Vitality: [230/230]

[Mana: [3.400/3.400]

[Strength: [210]

[Magic: [710]

[Dexterity: [260]

…

Well, would you look at that…

This is how much I advanced over a single day.

And I already got 50 Orbs…

I could summon once more, twice, in fact, and get ten new Summons.

But I will leave this for tomorrow, for now, I decided to go take a shower and relax a bit… I have to treasure these breaks because later on, I won't get any…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 27 - Opening The Item Boxes


.

.

.

[Day 2]

I think I mostly spent the day resting after all the dungeon-delving extravaganza of yesterday, I really just needed to calm my own mind from all of the stress.

I had dinner with everyone and then I went to sleep rather sleepily, I think Ervas and Kireina slept on the couch or something.

I slowly opened my eyes, as the light of the sun hit my face.

But what I find at my side was… a beautiful pale-white lady with shiny purple hair, black horns, and dazzling butterfly wings.

She was in a fetal position right below my stomach and was sleeping soundly.

I didn't know summons could sleep like this, but I guess if they can eat and even go to the bathroom if they want (not necessary), if they want to sleep they can too.

Though I had assumed Kireina would be guarding my sleep, but I suppose she also wanted to experience what was sleeping.

And she looks… cute.

As I woke up and admired her beautiful sleepy face, Kireina slowly opened her dazzling, supernatural crimson eyes, which gleamed a bit.

"Mwuh?"

"Did you sleep well?"

"A-Ah…! I-I am sorry, Master!"

Kireina quickly stood up as she began to flush a lot.

"I-I was supposed to protect you while you slept but… You were sleeping so comfily… I wanted to be at your side…" sighed Kireina.

"Ah, it's fine. I suppose there was no one attacking us this night…"

As I said that, Ervas appeared at my side, materializing from his ethereal form.

"None one showed up, and I also inspected the surroundings of the building, there was nothing suspicious… Though there was a black cat that appeared in the door and has been meowing, it stopped doing so and is just sitting there… Is it yours?" asked Ervas.

Ah!

"Yes, it is mine… How could I forget him? Ugh, I feel so bad now…"

I quickly ran towards my door as I opened it, and an adorable adult black cat entered, meowing loudly.

"Meow…!"

It was my only pet, and probably the only living being in the world I really cared for, I completely forgot him with all the Ragnarök and System stupidity… He likes to go out sometimes, but he often comes back not too much after.

I gently caressed his fluffy black hair and then I served him some cat food and fresh water, he drank almost the entire pot of water, he was quite thirsty.

Afterward, he began to eat slowly.

"Oh my! Is this your pet, Master? So cute…" said Kireina, as she began to pet my cat.

"Indeed. His name is Cuco… It is a stupid name, but that was the name I give him, it was four years ago after all…" I sighed.

"It is a cute and rather unique name!" said Kireina with a gentle smile.

"It is way better than something dumb like "little blackie"," said Ervas.

"Oh… I guess you're right. Now, I don't know what I will do with him… After shit gets real, what is going to happen to him?" I sighed.

Really, after all of this comes down, should I protect him?

But how?

I can't put him inside my Inventory or something.

He clearly can't… fight. He's just a normal cat.

And just carrying him around… it will simply scare him shitless.

I have to find some way… I won't let him die.

At the very least, I won't let this cat die.

It has been with me for four years, it is… my only friend I suppose.

I guess I am quite the loser for my having a cat friend.

Well, he's more like my companion too…

"You're wondering a way to make him stronger so he can stick with us through Ragnarök, Master?" asked Kireina.

"Yes… I was thinking a few things…"

"Hm, how about we train him?" asked Ervas.

"Maybe he could level up if we let him kill a rabbit!" said Kireina.

"Hmmm… I was thinking the same thing. Though… No, wait. If this baseball bat and the clothes became items after being shrouded in monster blood or killing monsters, why wouldn't Cuco?"

Yeah, why wouldn't he?

I guess it is time to see if I can also convert normal animals into monsters…

Though, will he remember me after turning into one, if it ever works?

Well, I should be able to tame him somehow even if he gets a bit aggressive.

"That's right! We should… at least give it a try. I can hold him and be sure to be delicate, so he doesn't get hurt, trust me on this, Master~!" said Kireina, she seemed eager to have my cat with us in the journey to come.

"I will also help," said Ervas.

"Alright then, I am counting on you two… For now, let me take a shower, and then let's eat breakfast," I said.

"Oh, breakfast~! I will prepare pancakes then!" said Kireina, rushing to the kitchen, she was really like a housewife at this point.

"And I will pet Cuco for the moment." Said Ervas, petting my cat.

Well, I guess you can do that too…

"La~ La~ La~"

Kireina began to hum some melody as she started to prepare the pancakes, so I decided to jump into the shower.

…

After a relaxing warm shower, I ate breakfast with everyone and then decided to assess a few things before getting to convert Cuco into a monster so he can survive in the Ragnarök, and that was… opening some loot!

I had three [Random Item Box], so I opened them right away.

Dig!

[You acquired the following items]

[Wizardly Mantle of Mana Gathering (F-Grade)] x1]

[Soul Sphere of Agility (E-Grade)] x1]

[Gacha Ticket (50% discount) (C-Grade)] x1]

As I glanced at the three items that emerged before me, I was startled by their interesting brilliance, and even more how they appeared magically after I opened the cardboard box, which disappeared after generating the item.

This is interesting, I quickly decided to analyze their info.

[Wizardly Mantle of Mana Gathering (F-Grade)] x1]

A Mantle enhanced with magic runes, which can harbor some small amount of mana within, and some complex runes to conjure a spell without the need for chanting.

Can be used as material to enhance or create equipment.

[Soul Sphere of Agility (E-Grade)] x1]

A special sphere containing a speedy soul, consume it to increase your Agility randomly between 20 points to 100 points.

[Gacha Ticket (50% discount) (C-Grade)] x1]

Use this ticket to receive a 50% discount on your next gacha pull.

…

All of them seem rather useful, even if the first two are low grade…

Wait, can't I upgrade my equipment with that mantle?

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 28 - Equipment Upgrade


.

.

.

Alright then! Time to upgrade my clothes.

Yeah, you hear me right.

How to upgrade though?

Big question.

And the answer is… through the System (duh).

I discovered it just now.

You can give users a variety of items over equipment or clothes, and after spending enough resources, you can trigger an upgrade.

However, for the upgrade to be possible the item has to be strong enough or something, so I can't do this infinitely, at least I have to let the equipment/weapon grow a bit with its new upgrade before upgrading it again.

And it seems that my clothes are okay to upgrade.

What item will I use? The mantle of course.

Here's the equipment as of now, the stats have increased, and it offers a nicer defense boost.

…

[Accursed Ordinary Clothes of The Frustrated Web Novelist (F-Grade)]

[Durability: 246/246]

[Physical Defense: 95]

[Magical Defense: 57]

[Traits: [Cursed Equipment (F)], [Evolving Equipment (F)], [Automatic Repair (F)], [Status Effect Resistance (F)]

…

I guess I could keep killing the monster and let it upgrade by itself slowly, but the mantle can hasten this by a little bit more.

As I will it, the System answers.

[Do you wish to upgrade the [Accursed Ordinary Clothes of The Frustrated Web Novelist (F-Grade)] by using the [Wizardly Mantle of Mana Gathering (F-Grade)] Item, 2500 Gold, and 500 Hero Feathers?]

<Yes> <No>

Yes, of course.

Flash!

Suddenly, my clothes fuse with the mantle in my hands, and I see my gold and hero feathers dropping by a few digits.

My clothes begin to glow with bright white light, as their complete structure changes slightly, they don't look ordinary at all, and gain some of the silky texture of the mantle, alongside various, purple-colored decorations resembling magic circles.

The whole set becomes a hybrid between normal clothes and wizard ones, and it honestly looks quite good, I like it!

Way better than my normal clothes, a lot, in fact.

[Upgrade successful!]

I quickly decide to check my new equipment.

…

[Beginner Street Sorcerer Set (E-Grade)]

[Durability: 305/305]

[Physical Defense: 110]

[Magical Defense: 75]

[Traits: [Cursed Equipment (E)], [Evolving Equipment (E)], [Automatic Repair (E)], [Status Effect Resistance (E)], [Mana Conductivity (E)] (New!)

…

After the upgrade, the set looks even better when I see its stats.

It got a nice upgrade, and it is way more durable as well.

Alongside that, all the traits got to E-Grade, and Mana Conductivity was acquired.

…

[Mana Conductivity (E)]

The Ability to infuse mana into your equipment and enhance its durability or strength.

If the equipment posses magic runes, it will activate them when you infuse mana to generate special effects.

…

I see, it is a good thing to have, I suppose. Though, it doesn't have any runes?

Maybe I can infuse Mana Blast into it, and it can unleash a Blast of Mana when I infuse mana… No, that might not be good if it ends up damaging the clothes instead.

Anyways, I decided to consume the Dexterity boosting item right away, which can give me 20-100 Agility randomly.

It was a sphere of green color, and when I consumed it, it turned into light which merged with my body.

And then…

Ding!

[You gained +70 Dexterity!]

Oh nice, that's way better than I expected.

And with that out of the way, the last thing on the list is… the gacha ticket.

I will save it for later, for now, I want to convert Cuco into a monster (I know it sounds fucked up).

I will probably summon after this ordeal is done… and then pick some new Skills as well.

Now that I am done, I put on Cuco a collar and then grab him with my arms. Good thing that I usually carry him like a baby sometimes, so he didn't mind this that much.

However, it was still rather curious about who these two new people at my side were, but didn't seem scared of them, luckily.

"Let's bring him to the Skill Points Dungeon, the rabbits are easy to catch," said Ervas.

"Alright!"

I led the two into the dungeon as Cuco became startled by the change in environment, beginning to meow at me rather nervously.

"Meow…!"

I pet him as I let Kireina and Ervas capture most of the rabbits alive, Kireina shapeshifts her various fingers as long tentacles of flesh, entangling and wrapping the creatures alive, while Ervas encapsulates them into small barriers of telekinesis.

"Alright Cuco, don't get nervous… Err, how do I tell him to kill a rabbit?" I wondered.

"Hm… Let me drop its HP to 1," said Kireina, slowly torturing the poor rabbit until its HP Bar was close to 1, at 4.

"I think that if I touch it with my nails it will surely die…" said Kireina.

"Alright then…"

I grab Cuco's claws, which he is rather unwilling to put over the struggling half-dead rabbit, but I manage to force him to slash the flesh of it a few times.

It took more than I imagined, and his feet were filled with blood but… it worked.

The rabbit died and turned into black smoke.

And Cuco was the same…

He began to lick his paw with blood though.

After that, we continued doing the same with every room… but Cuco was still the same.

"Err… I think this won't work…" I sighed.

"Come on! Don't give up yet, we can try some more," said Kireina.

"Yeah, and it's not like it bother us, we are also getting done with the runs of the day, so we are not really wasting time either," said Ervas.

"I suppose you're right…"

Cuco was still scared, but with each room and each rabbit he killed barely, he seemed a bit calmer… he got used to it quicker than I would have expected.

At the end of Run 3, Cuco once more was bathed in monster blood and had already previously willingly bit the neck of a half-dying rabbit.

After the boss dropped dead by his paw (which I moved around), something finally happened.

Wait, it actually happened?!

Cuco suddenly dropped into the floor, as his yellow cat eyes began to flow with crimson light, and his entire body exuded this same aura…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 29 - I Guess I Am A Monster Tamer Too


.

.

.

Why is my stupidest idea actually happening?

Okay, let's not question the almighty system for the moment.

The Cat I've had as a pet for four years suddenly began to glow red… and mutated a bit.

His entire physique became one or two centimeters bigger, his ears grew pointy and his claws larger, alongside his upper jaw fangs.

My cat really evolved.

The blood of the monsters was absorbed into his body and then his evolution finished…

Ding!

[You have tamed the [Black Cat: Level 1/10] Monster Pet!]

Oh?!

Well, the race didn't change its name but… I tamed him…

I guess I am not just a summoner but a tamer. I am filled with talents, I suppose.

I try to pet Cuco, and he lets me… It seems that things are fine, he hasn't gone rabid or something, but he obviously might feel strange.

"Oh, Master! It happened! See? I told you it would happen, fufu~!" said Kireina.

"Amazing, now you have tamed your cat… Well, will you tame other monsters now? Ah, we should let him level up with us for now," said Ervas.

Taming other monsters…

It seems that, unlike summons, monsters don't drain mana from me, but they can die permanently, unlike summons that remains with me forever and can be brought back with Mana.

I guess they both have their pros and cons, huh…

It would honestly be cool to tame the Bosses… But is there a limit?

I walk into my room with everyone and decide to check Cuco's Status.

…

[Name: [Cuco]

[Race: [Black Cat (Monster)]

[Monster Grade: [F-Grade]

[Element(s): [Darkness]

[Level: [01/10]

[Vitality: [40/40]

[Mana: [30/30]

[Strength: [30]

[Magic: [20]

[Dexterity: [60]

[Skills]

[Dark Claws (F)]

[Shadow Walk (F)]

…

I think he's stronger than me when I started yesterday…

And he got two interesting Skills to boot.

[Dark Claws (F)]

Naturally wield the Dark Attribute, coating our claws with darkness and unleashing slashing attacks that calculate damage using both Strength and Magic.

[Shadow Walk (F)]

Merge with the Shadows and travel through them by short intervals of less than a meter.

…

They're quite interesting and simple, I believe he might make some good use out of them!

And if he obeys me now that I am his tamer, things might get better.

But now I wonder the taming limit, how many tamed monsters can I have? And can I store them somewhere?

Ding!

[Current Limit of Tamed Monster Pets: 1/10]

[You can gain additional slots by growing stronger]

[Tamed Monster Pets can be stored in the Summon Barracks]

Well, that resolves everything… I guess the System can help when you least expect it.

Having that out of the way, we continued to explore Dungeons, going into the Gold Dungeon.

I planned something as we killed monsters.

What if I tame the Bosses… multiple times?

How about 3 Venomous Viper Bosses, or 3 Queen bees?

Hmm… But can it work?

And what if I find a better monster later? Should I simply discard one? That would be cruel after growing attached to them… Unless I could fuse them or something weird, it is better to tame one for each and see where it goes.

Ding!

[Monsters can be fused by using Gold and Hero Feathers, similarly, to repeated Heroes, however, Monsters have fewer limitations, although fusions can only be performed in between similar Grade Monsters]

[There is a limit of 3 Monsters that you can tame per Race]

The System once more answers my questions with great swiftness, as it makes me think some more…

So I can fuse monsters?! That's some next-level Pokémon… Wait, no, this is Digimon at this point.

Wait… this means I could turn Cuco into a giant chimera… I don't know how to feel about that.

For now, I decided to tame three normal Venomous Vipers with the help of everyone, and then we did our best to tame the Boss, which was incredibly difficult.

We had to smack him but make sure to not kill him and all…

In the end, Kireina's Illusion Magic came into handy, and she used it to brainwash the weakened boss. With that, I managed to tame it at last…

The Boss and the Normal Venomous Viper count as different species it seems, so I can tame the Boss two more times, which we did in the next runs, although we ended quite exhausted.

I also tamed 3 Gold Mouses, the monsters that drop a lot of Gold in the Gold Dungeon.

With that… This was what I had…

[Venomous Viper (F-Grade): Level 1/10] x3

[Venomous Viper BOSS (F-Grade): Level 1/10] x3

[Gold Mouse (F-Grade): Level 1/10] x3

And Cuco who became Level 4 after the dungeon runs, he's growing stronger!

And he might do even more now!

But hold on, how do I do this? Do I fuse the vipers with the Boss ones? What about the Mouse? I don't have any more slots so…

I inspect what can come out of a small viper and a big viper, and the result is the same big viper, but it has a slightly different-colored eye… The System shows up the possible result of a monster fusion rather easily, so I can take a peek at my options.

Well, I plan to leave the bosses as they are and fuse away from the smaller ones, I want one of each Boss if possible, plus Cuco, so the rest has to be fused away.

Fusing the Vipers and Mouse didn't give me E-Grade Monsters, so I could fuse them back to the Viper Boss, which still doesn't net an E-Grade Monster, so I could fuse them together.

I try to see about a fusion for Cuco, and see that the possible result with the mouse is a golden-colored cat, with the viper is something resembling a cat with a purple-scaled tail, and it seems that it could secret poison.

And about the mind, I can select which one ends dominant… Huh.

The max amount of fusions is three at the same time, so let's do it.

Okay, I figured out what to do…

It only asks for some gold, so I can handle it.

I feel a little bad for Cuco… but this will help him survive.

This is what I did:

[Gold Mouse (F-Grade)] + [Gold Mouse (F-Grade)] + [Gold Mouse (F-Grade)] = [Giant Gold Mouse (F-Grade)]

[Venomous Viper (F-Grade)] + [Venomous Viper (F-Grade)] + [Venomous Viper BOSS (F-Grade)] = [Red-Eyed Venomous Viper BOSS (F-Grade)]

[Giant Gold Mouse (F-Grade)] + [Venomous Viper (F-Grade)] + [Red-Eyed Venomous Viper BOSS (F-Grade)] = [Red-Eyed Golden Scaled Venomous Viper BOSS (E-Grade)]

[Venomous Viper BOSS (F-Grade)] + [Venomous Viper BOSS (F-Grade)] + [Black Cat (F-Grade)] = [Snake-Tailed Venomous Black Cat (E-Grade)]

[You exchanged 4000 Gold!]

And done.

This way, both end at E-Grade…

And I see Cuco's new form, he seems calmer than ever, in fact.

His scaled tail waved around carefreely and his claws now have some poison on them… But he seems completely okay with it anyways.

I petted him and his hair was now even silkier than before, he began to meow cutely afterward. I suppose he's still the same cat.

And the Viper… I named it Apophis. It is a silent and observant type, so there isn't much character development with this guy.

Now that I have tried fusions, the amount of gold it uses is okay, but I will most likely not go around wasting it in every new monster I find unless they're particularly stronger than I could fuse them over the already tamed beasts I have.

We continued our runs of Dungeons, exploring the EXP Dungeon afterward…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 30 - Acquiring New Skills!


.

.

.

After fusing Monsters, I really had fun doing that…

So after we decided to finally go to the EXP Dungeons, I made sure to tame three Normal Giant Bees and the Queen… three times. Of course, if you tame a monster, you don't kill it, so no EXP from the bosses…

Nonetheless, the EXP Dungeon is amazing, and I still managed to get two levels.

Ding!

[Your Level has increased to Level 15!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 16!]

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 51]

[Gold: 23.230]

[Hero Feathers: 7.000]

[Job: [Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 5690]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [14/20 > 16/20]

[Vitality: [270/270]

[Mana: [4.200/4.200]

[Strength: [240]

[Magic: [790]

[Dexterity: [358]

…

Four more levels for Level 20 and then… second Job. Yeah, yay.

More importantly, Cuco reached Level 6 just recently, and Kireina and Ervas Level 10.

"Now that I am Level 10… The System says that I must be given "materials" to reach my next level cap," said Kireina.

Materials, huh?

"How many?" I asked, as the System promptly answers.

Ding!

[Required Materials: 5000 Gold, 500 Hero Feathers, Fresh Blood]

It says… I see… Wait, fresh blood?!

"How much fresh blood do you need?" I asked.

"Eh? F-Fresh blood? It says that?" asked Kireina.

"Yep… It sure does says that…" I sighed.

"Eeeh… Well, you say that I could drink from yours, right, Master?" asked Kireina while blushing.

"You're right… Just take a little bit in the neck, come here," I said, as I invited Kireina to sit at my side, as I offered her my neck.

"Aahh… Master's tender neck…" she muttered, as I could feel her warm breath over my neck… This was exciting, I couldn't help but admit it.

"Nom…"

Kireina's fangs pierced my skin and seeped deep, a little pain came, but her warm saliva was able to calm the pain pretty quickly.

She began to drink for a few minutes, as Ervas watched in silence rather expressionlessly.

Without realizing it, we got into a pretty awkward situation, didn't we?

I could feel Kireina's tongue sucking my neck as she drank the blood dripping from my wounds, she was literally kissing my neck passionately at this point.

I contained my friend down here from raising over this as much as I could until it finally ended.

With a last kiss in my wounds and a little lick, Kireina smiled at me.

"I think I am full, thanks for the meal, master~ I will make sure to repay by devoting myself to you even more… It is the least I can do," said Kireina with a gentle smile, as she kissed my cheek.

"It is nothing… Oh, thanks Ervas," I said, as Ervas healed the wound in my neck rather swiftly. He gave me thumbs up in silence… What is he thinking about?

Anyways, after that, I used the materials and…

Ding!

[Kireina] level cap has been raised to 20!]

Done!

Now, onwards to the next… Ervas.

[Required Materials: 4000 Gold, 400 Hero Feathers, Salad]

Eh? A salad?

"Ervas, do you feel like eating a salad?"

"Eh? Erm… sure?" asked Ervas.

"Oh? I can prepare some, is there lettuce?" asked Kireina.

After a few minutes, Ervas ate his salad (the weirdest required material), and then his cap was raised to 20 too.

[Ervas] level cap has been raised to 20!]

So why salad though? Is it because he's a "nature's child"? Pfff, that's actually a bit funny…

Anyways, when that was done, I decided to finally get some new Skills from the Hero Jewels.

I have decided to not pick Evan yet, as his Skills are way too pricy still, and instead, I decided to pick… [Emerald, Subhuman Slayer] [★★★]!

Yup, I am picking this small-time-villain scumbag…

I quickly willed it as his Jewel fused with me, and then I was given the list of Skills he had.

I picked three of them and acquired them, but I still need skill points to "unlock" them.

Flash!

[You have consumed the Summon Jewel: [Emerald, Subhuman Slayer] [★★★]!]

[You acquired the: [Danger Perception (C)], [Fire Jewel (D)], and [Wind Jewel (D)] Skills!]

[You gained +1000 Hero Feathers and +100 Hero Fragments]

And done.

Now… Dancer Perception is pretty good, so I am picking it right away, it helps me detect danger and it can even give me some foresight of the future, just like in the character of the novel.

[Danger Perception (C)]

Use your inner instincts to perceive the danger of anyone you would deem as dangerous, in occasions, premonitions of the future alerting you of dangers to come might be given randomly.

Increase the chances of such foresight to occur as the skill grade increases.

…

And that's it.

This thing costs 2500 Skill Points to learn!

I remember seeing that it cost way less, but it costs less only to the actual summons, to me the price can even multiply several times!

Why?! Well, whatever.

[You exchanged 2500 Skill Points!]

[You learned the [Danger Perception (C)] Skill!]

Now, there are two other Skills, the jewel ones… those let me generate jewels of the elements, very limitedly though, not like the actual summon, so I will have to develop it a bit, but it is something.

They cost way less than Danger Perception, so I pick both immediately, the more skills the merrier.

[You exchanged 3000 Skill Points!]

[You learned the [Fire Jewel (D)], and [Wind Jewel (D)] Skills!]

[Fire Jewel (D)]

By using mana, create a red-colored jewel imbued with Fire Attribute, at this Grade, only small jewels can be created, which can be controlled through telekinesis only for around a range of one meter around you.

Unless specifically made and with a lot of time put into it, jewels will dissipate back into mana after a few minutes of existing.

…

Essentially, the more mana I use the larger the jewel, but the harder it is to maintain in midair, but this can be used even as bombs… What if I infuse it with Fire Attribute and then make it small? I throw it and then… BOOM!

Yeah, I am liking where I can get this into…

The Wind one is the same, but wind, small gusts can be generated and stuff, and they can also fly higher…

Well, for now, I will rest a bit while practicing my new skills.

.

.

.

[Name: [Ervas Igni]

[Race: [Half-Demon]

[Stars: [★★★★]

[Element(s): [Nature], [Life]

[Weapon Type: [Staff]

[Level: [10/20]

[Vitality: [350/350]

[Strength: [310]

[Magic: [820]

[Dexterity: [400]

[Skills]

[Life Spirit: Gaia (A)]

[Druid (B)]

[Telekinesis (B)]

…

[Name: [Kireina Dark Moon]

[Race: [Crimson Vampire Fairy]

[Stars: [★★★★★]

[Element(s): [Illusion], [Chaos], [Blood]

[Weapon Type: [Spear]

[Level: [10/20]

[Vitality: [1150/1150]

[Strength: [850]

[Magic: [850]

[Dexterity: [1100]

[Skills]

[Realm Menace of Lust (S)]

[Vampire (S)]

[Grotesque Transformation: Nyarlathotep (S)]

…

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 31 - Weapon Upgrade


.

.

.

[Day 3]

Today in the morning I began to fuse the bees, which was not hard.

[Giant Bee (F-Grade)] + [Giant Queen Bee BOSS (F-Grade)] = [Golden-Eyed Giant Queen Bee BOSS (F-Grade)]

[Giant Bee (F-Grade)] + [Giant Queen Bee BOSS (F-Grade)] = [Golden-Eyed Giant Queen Bee BOSS (F-Grade)]

[Giant Bee (F-Grade)] + [Giant Queen Bee BOSS (F-Grade)] = [Golden-Eyed Giant Queen Bee BOSS (F-Grade)]

[Golden-Eyed Giant Queen Bee BOSS (F-Grade)] + [Golden-Eyed Giant Queen Bee BOSS (F-Grade)] + [Golden-Eyed Giant Queen Bee BOSS (F-Grade)] = [Golden-Eyed Black Giant Queen Bee BOSS (E-Grade)]

[You exchanged 4000 Gold!]

And that's that!

It became E-Grade to boot, and it is packing a punch.

Grades in Monster Pets are similar to Stars in Summons, but give way fewer bonuses in stats though… Nonetheless, they are still good and what I should aim for. I believe their Grade might increase if I keep breaking their level cap.

Oh, I completed daily tasks yesterday too, but there is no new main task yet…

For now, we decided to dive into the dungeons, thanks to having three Monster Pets now in the team, things went even smoother than before.

Cuco used its shadow poisonous claws to slash enemies and poison them, coupled with his outstanding agility makes them deadly.

The golden venomous viper BOSS used its long tail to entangle any enemy and then its sharp fangs to bite them and inflict a poison damage attack.

And the Queen Bee unleashed an army of tiny bees that died after a few minutes of being born and didn't give EXP or anything, but were so easy to deceive…

In the end, I didn't recruit any monster in the Skill Points Dungeon, I would be wasting like a ton of Skill Points I could get by just killing them instead.

Oh, and then we went to the EXP Dungeon, and my level increased once more, although it increased once more before this as well.

Ding!

[Your Level has increased to Level 17!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 18!]

Ding!

[The [Mana Blast (F)] Skill has Ranked Up to [Mana Bullet Blast (E)]!]

[Mana Bullet Blast (E)]

After learning more about mana manipulation, you can easily shape pure Null-Attribute Mana into fist-sized bullets that explode when they enter into contact with a foe, dealing a small amount of Magic Damage.

…

And after repeatedly using Skills, Mana Blast Ranked up.

Oh?

Ding!

[The [Apprentice Sorcerer (F)] Skill has Ranked Up to [Beginner Sorcerer (E)]!]

[Beginner Sorcerer (E)]

As someone who has learned more about their inner talent of magic and has attained the ability to shape their internal mana powers, you have become a Beginner Sorcerer, a step further into becoming a True Sorcerer.

This skill enhances your ability to manipulate Mana more swiftly.

…

Interesting, Apprentice Sorcerer has also ranked up, this means I have taken hold of a greater knowledge over magic? Amazing.

Whew, to think that two days ago I was just writing novels… Now magic is real, I am summoning the characters of my novel and I'm also taming monsters…

And even more, I am developing as a sorcerer to boot.

I am also using the two Jewel Skills to create small grenade-like jewels, when I throw them at a foe, they immediately shatter and generate fire and winds, dealing damage, although a single one can't take down a monster of the Dungeons, it can be a good distraction… maybe if I had one that could produce Light, I could make grenades that generated light, blinding enemies.

Anyways, through our Dungeon exploration of today, we also discovered two incredibly rare things, treasure chests.

The first one contained an [Mithril Ingot (E)] and some more Gold, and the other had a [Ice Heart Ring (E)], an accessory item!

I can use the Ingot to finally upgrade my bat, and the Ice Heart Ring was an interesting item, despite being E-Grade.

[Ice Heart Ring (E-Grade)]

A Magic Ring made by using a small Ice Heart Jewel, harvested from the core of an Ice Fairy.

[Durability: 50/50]

[Magic Conductivity: 100]

[Bonus Dexterity: 50]

[Traits: [Evolving Accessory (E)], [Automatic Repair (E)], [Ice Fairy Blessing (E)]

[Ice Fairy Blessing (E)]

Grants Immunity to Cold Temperatures, while reducing 10% of Damage from Ice Attribute Magic or Physical Attacks.

…

As you can see, this Ring is pretty interesting, as long as I have it equipped, I am immune to cold temperatures… meaning that I could go naked into the snow and absolutely nothing would happen to me… Wait, that's quite overpowered in a way.

But I suppose Cold Temperatures and Ice Attribute are treated differently, as it doesn't grant me immunity to ice as it is, but it reduces damage taken from it by 10%, quite nice.

Anyways, time to upgrade my damn baseball bat, which is releasing an evil aura more than before… Let's check its stats one last time.

…

[Accursed Metallic Baseball Bat (F-Grade)]

[Durability: 146/146]

[Attack Power: 162]

[Magic Conductivity: 68]

[Weapon Speed: 112]

[Traits: [Cursed Weapon (F)], [Evolving Weapon (F)], [Automatic Repair (F)], [Slaughter Healing (F)]

…

It has grown in stats as it killed more innocent monsters.

And now…

Ding!

[Upgrade [Accursed Metallic Baseball Bat (F-Grade)] using the [Mithril Ingot (E)] ad 3000 Gold?]

<Yes> <No>

I tap into the "Yes" button as the ingot suddenly just jumps into the bat and fuses with it, alongside that, several gold coins come out of the system window and fuse with the bat too.

FLASH!

The weapon begins to change shape, as its handle becomes more refined, and its upper part becomes… swollen?

Wait… this is…

Ding!

[Upgrade success!]

[Cursed Mithril Morning Star (E-Grade)]

[Durability: 200/200]

[Attack Power: 215]

[Magic Conductivity: 100]

[Weapon Speed: 135]

[Traits: [Cursed Weapon (E)], [Evolving Weapon (E)], [Automatic Repair (E)], [Slaughter Healing (E)], [Mana Conductivity (E)] (New!), [Evil-Slaying Smite (E)] (New!)

Oh?!

A beautiful silver morning star greeted me. It's the version without the chains though, and I think it is a bit larger than the bat, and the spikes look sharp as hell too.

Way better than a bat, I would say!

And its stats got increased a ton, additionally, it even got two new Traits to boot.

I know what Mana Conductivity does but… Evil-Slaying Smite?

[Evil-Slaying Smite (E)]

Infuse Mana into your weapon and unleash a powerful smite into your foe, dealing 20% additional damage to Monsters and Evildoers.

…

That's better than I thought it would be…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 32 - Hitting The Road


.

.

.

After upgrading my weapon, I began to rest for some time.

I sat down over the couch and began to consider what to do.

I can't simply sit down while completing dungeons, I am sure as hell that this is not really a slice of life genre apocalypse.

These days of peace will soon end.

And I don't want to be in the middle of this big city to be the target of the entire apocalypse.

You see… in every movie and stuff about the apocalypse, the worst area where you can be is a big city, that's where all the people will be killed and turned into zombies or something.

Probably an alien spaceship will appear right on that day.

So for that, I have to get the hell away from here.

If another race of beings from another world comes here to exterminate the human race, they will obviously come to places with a lot of population to get all that juicy EXP (if they even have a System).

But it seems that only a selected few were given the System Ticket and told about the Ragnarök beforehand… Does this mean that the big guy behind all of this has chosen me as a "favored one" like all the other Players?

Wait… is this why other people are completely unaware of it? So he chooses a few that he fancied getting a head start.

There are… three days and a few hours before it all begins.

There must be other Players around trying to get by and grow their strength too, I bet…

I can't stand in this place with so many people, although I wouldn't mind slaughtering the thousands of zombies they might all become (I bet human zombies give nice EXP), I might risk dying day 1 of the apocalypse, which I don't want at all.

I check the hour, we finished the dungeons pretty early, around 9 AM we had everything done.

It is now 11 AM…

I glance at Kireina and Ervas who are watching TV at my side, and I decide to tell them.

"Escaping? Oh yes, I was about to suggest that, I was getting worried about that too… Well, I didn't suggest it because I didn't want to force you to do anything you didn't want…" said Kireina with a gentle smile… She is really thoughtful, but at times she just has to say what's on her mind.

"I believe it is a good idea… Now that Cuco has become strong and also a tamed monster, you can save him inside the Barracks while escaping," said Ervas.

That's also a good point, Cuco now counts as a "unit" so I can save him inside the barracks, a place where time stops, and he can be secure there while I move around. I can take him out when it is time to kill monsters or whatnot.

"Good idea. Let's get going today then, time to pack up everything inside the Inventory… Ah, we need to go buy a lot of stuff too, as much food as we can, water, clothes, probably the entire bed to carry around… Damn, I wish I could just carry the entire department, but I don't think I can just do that," I sighed.

"Haha, I remember that in the record you made me carry entire houses inside the Item Box, Master. That was quite hilarious," laughed Kireina.

Oh right… Inventories are pretty broken, you can just carry anything, as long as you can fit it inside the spatial portal that emerges… meaning that you need to move it inside.

But technically, if you can hold an entire house, you can put it inside too…

After around two hours, I had emptied my entire department, and had taken my last warm bath in the bathroom…

I even saved up the kitchen and everything on it, the refrigerator was also thrown inside the Inventory thanks to Kireina and Ervas holding it, and everything else…

I watched my department one last time, I had lived here for over four years, it was my cave, my home, the one where I always felt secure from the outside world.

A bit of nostalgia surges into my mind as I feel a bit of sorrow in having to leave this place… But I have to survive.

Kireina pats my shoulder as she hugs me from behind.

"It's okay, Master… We will find a new home one day," she said.

"Sigh… You really know what to say in every moment, don't you?" I asked.

"I am just trying to cheer you up~ I don't like a sorrowful master after all…" said Kireina, kissing my cheek.

Okay then, that one kiss did it for me, let's get going.

Oh, Kireina and Ervas wanted to come with me through the thing, and not in their invisible ethereal form, they wanted to be my "personal guards" or so.

Kireina's Illusion Magic came nicely here, as she was able to generate Illusion Runes and spells over Ervas and generate more "normal" clothes over him than the tribal stuff he had, which meant some little jeans, a t-shirt, and a hoodie, he looked rather good, like a boy about to do something mischievous.

And Kireina decided to also hide her wings, horns, elf-like ears, and jewels in her body, she wore a beautiful purple blouse that accentuated her large pair of… her beautiful chest. And she also created some tight jeans that grasped her butt quite well, she had quite an amazing figure. Oh, and some heels, making her look even taller than me now.

"Oh my, Ervas in casual clothes really does look adorable~!" said Kireina.

"It feels interesting to wear this," he said.

"How about me, Master? Do you like my casual attire?" asked Kireina.

"It does look quite nice on you. I like it," I said rather honestly, as Kireina didn't expect my directness and became as red as a tomato.

"I-I see… hehe…" she said while averting her gaze.

"Now that we are done, let's hit the road," I said.

We walked out of the edifice and then we moved towards the nearest Walmart, where we bought a ton of stuff with my credit card, I spent way more than what I had, but I didn't care about debt anymore, the world was ending after all.

I bought almost the entire stock of toilet paper like a good American, alongside food, snacks of all types, vegetables, prepared food, anything.

I also bought a ton of clothes, and even consoles, books, and more. The people were looking very strange at me, but they still let me buy most of it, Kireina used her illusion and charm to make the people favor us a bit more too.

I had also stored all my books and other stuff, if Earth ever comes to an end, I will at least have all of such precious light novels, mangas, and more stored in my Inventory to one day show them to my children or something…

I even bought a PS5, even though I might not even use it.

As we left with everything, I saved it inside my Inventory, and then we decided to steal a car.

Yeah, you heard me right.

If the world was ending, why should I care? We are playing GTA now.

I quickly found a nice gray-colored one stationed nearby and Kireina unlocked it fairly easily, she was also quite good at driving for some reason.

And, as I said earlier, we hit the road, leaving New York at around 2 PM.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 33 - Fast Progress


.

.

.

My plan was fairly simple, just to get the fuck out of New York.

I said goodbye to this living hell of a city as we moved all the way to Canada.

Yup, we are going all the way up, and we are going to the woods.

The less convoluted the best, if an apocalypse happens, I will be well prepared while traveling to even wilder areas where there might not be as many people, which would only bring more disaster.

…I hope I am not wrong.

At the very least, if only monsters show up, it won't be too bad, we can always deal with them and level up through it… But I don't even know how much the world might change through the apocalypse, and if the whole landscape changes due to the merge between dimensions… then I will be lost either way.

So it is better to go to a mostly empty area.

We continued traveling as Kireina chatted a lot to cheer me up, she kind of knew I was rather nervous about everything, so her talking about trivial stuff kind of calmed me, and she even talked about the manga and light novels I let her read, so it was rather relaxing.

I don't know how long we traveled through the road, but I thanked myself for the past that I made sure to buy gasoline in bulks.

When it was around 10 PM, we decided to take a break, we ate inside the car and it was rather cozy a bit…

I had packed so much food that we didn't need much, but there was a feeling of dread in my heart that I couldn't easily take away, even when I was eating something tasty.

I guess I am just scared at the end, I am bracing myself to not be scared, and I am doing everything I can to survive, but I am still scared, of all these uncertainties, of everything.

It worries me to think about the future, and what might happen afterward.

At the very least I am not alone, or I would probably feel way worse.

I guess this is what happens to a neet like me, too much time inside my room made me feel nervous outside.

But I have to just cope with it…

As we finished eating, I rested a bit over the seat, and Kireina suddenly held my hand.

"Master, are you… okay?" she asked.

"…Yeah. I am fine. Don't worry…" I said.

"Just remember that… I am here for you. You're not alone in this," she said.

Ah, she says this always but… it always soothes my heart. She tightly grasps my hand as she glares at me lovingly.

"Alright then… I will try to be strong…" I said.

"I am here too. And you could also summon more…" said Ervas.

"Ah, summon more… Yeah, I guess I could, tomorrow should be a good time to summon some more and pick a third or fourth summon," I said.

"Meow…"

Cuco, which I had freed from the Barracks sat over my lap.

He was like three times his original size, but he was still my cat, and he felt my concern and kind of began to rub his head over my chest.

Damn, I am being way too pampered now, this is not fitting of the cool-headed lone wolf main character I must be!

Well, this is not really a novel…

Damn, thinking about that… I won't be writing novels in a while, huh…

After some more talking, I decided to sleep in the backseat while Kireina decided to drive through the night…

.

.

.

[Day 4]

Day 4… I feel like every day feels like many, there are so many things I do every day… But today we finished everything quite quickly.

I woke up around 7 AM and we swiftly completed the Dungeons, now that I got four tamed monsters and two strong summons at my side, alongside my own strength, we simply one-shotted our way through everything.

We were currently in the last dungeon run, the third run of the EXP Dungeon.

The Queen Bee was, as usual, firing tiny bees at us.

I quickly hit each bee with my Morning Star, crushing them as I went, each one exploded and splattered all over, I was getting used to getting myself covered in monster blood and juices I suppose.

I jumped over the Queen Bee as she swiftly evaded my hit, I ended up hitting the ground, which shook a bit.

However, I am not the main warrior, you know?

I pointed the palm of my right hand at the monster while it ran from me.

Mana Bullet Blast.

I activated the Skill as a sphere of Null-type Mana emerged from my palms, the white and transparent sphere of energy flies at great speed towards the Queen Bee, hitting her from the rear.

CLASH!

"BBBZZZ…!"

The monster roars, as I quickly rush towards her to finish her off, I throw her my special Jewel Grenade first, as the crystal falls over her and explodes.

BOOM!

Part of her abdomen falls over the ground as the insect hisses in pain, I take this opportunity to finish it off with a good one.

Evil-Slaying Smite.

With a strong horizontal swing of my Morning Star, I hit the Bee's entire head.

CLASH!

The sole hit crushes the head of the insect, making it explode all over the place…

Poof!

It turns into black smoke and then EXP comes my way…

Ding!

[You gained a large amount of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 19!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 20!]

Level 20!

Ding!

[You can now change Jobs once more and unlock more Level cap]

Hm, nice, now I can become… I don't know, a Warrior? Whatever Job shows up now.

We quickly walk out of the dungeon and then decide to take a small break, at last.

"Level 20, huh? I do wonder how you can compare to the rest of the Players as of now, Master… And what about types of monsters? Is it merely calculated by Stats?" asked Kireina.

"Well, all these monsters are around Level 1-5, so we can more or less decimate them now, and I could take on a whole dungeon myself as well. But I don't know how exactly levels are related to other people, or if it is only a thing of my own System… But perhaps we might find out soon when everything begins," I said.

"Oh! I see. Perhaps there are some realms of power, kind of like cultivation stuff?" asked Kireina.

"Could be. And the System is simply helping me achieve them through game-like mechanics… Well, for now, I will keep abusing them and change Jobs," I said.

"I see! I do wonder what will master become now…" said Kireina with a teasing smile.

However, before changing, I decided to check my status as they are…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 54]

[Gold: 38.630]

[Hero Feathers: 10.100]

[Hero Fragments: 100]

[Job: [Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 5770]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [20/20]

[Vitality: [350/350]

[Mana: [5.800/5.800]

[Strength: [320]

[Magic: [950]

[Dexterity: [478]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Apprentice Sorcerer (E)], [Mana Bullet Blast (E)], [Danger Perception (C)], [Fire Jewel (D)], [Wind Jewel (D)]

…

Oh man, I have advanced quite a lot, and my Mana and Magic keep getting higher, I guess that's what is being a sorcerer all about…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 34 - Job Change!


.

.

.

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 54]

[Gold: 38.630]

[Hero Feathers: 10.100]

[Hero Fragments: 100]

[Job: [Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner]

[Skill Points: 5770]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [20/20]

[Vitality: [350/350]

[Mana: [5.800/5.800]

[Strength: [320]

[Magic: [950]

[Dexterity: [478]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Apprentice Sorcerer (E)], [Mana Bullet Blast (E)], [Danger Perception (C)], [Fire Jewel (D)], [Wind Jewel (D)]

…

My stats had indeed advanced a lot, I can see that the largest development would be in my Mana, which already started at a ridiculous number compared to the rest.

I suppose the more you have of one stat, the more you gain per level as if growth is calculated by the amount you already possess. People that naturally have a lot of mana keep developing even more as they grow stronger exponentially.

Man, wouldn't it be nice to have infinite mana… I could just have all summons at once without problems, I could just make an unbeatable army.

But I guess I am not that kind of character… That one novel though… Ugh, now that the Apocalypse is really coming, I guess it might abruptly come to an end, what a bummer.

Anyways, I decided to glance at the available Job Options...

[Available Job Options]

[Gladiator]

[Warrior]

[Paladin]

[Magic Knight]

…

Huh…

There are way more options now.

Gladiator, Warrior, Paladin, and… Magic Knight.

I can't check them in detail though, but I would assume Gladiator is a more reckless physical combat class that disregards defenses for more explosive and fast attacks.

Warriors are often all-rounders physical-wise.

Paladins are usually good at defense, with some interesting holy magic (can vary between versions), and some good talent at using heavy weapons, though they don't specialize, they offer more than the previous two.

And then there's Magic Knight, another class that does not specialize completely in both sides and uses two to generate a new strength, combining physical combat and magic together.

I suppose the last one fits me quite well.

Ding!

[Exchange 10000 Gold and 1000 Hero Feathers to change Jobs to [Magic Knight]?]

<Yes> <No>

Without a doubt, I tapped the "yes" option, as I spent the resources and immediately felt a new surge of strength, my stats quickly increasing with my third Job.

Ding!

[You changed Jobs to [Magic Knight]!]

[You learned the [Beginner Magic Weapon Technique (E)] and [Beginner Magic Armor Technique (E)] Skills!]

Oh, nice, two new skills and they're part of what makes a Magic Knight interesting too.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 54]

[Gold: 28.630]

[Hero Feathers: 9.100]

[Hero Fragments: 100]

[Job: [Magic Knight]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: 5770]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [20/30]

[Vitality: [570/570]

[Mana: [7.300/7.300]

[Strength: [500]

[Magic: [1450]

[Dexterity: [620]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Apprentice Sorcerer (E)], [Mana Bullet Blast (E)], [Danger Perception (C)], [Fire Jewel (D)], [Wind Jewel (D)], [Beginner Magic Weapon Technique (E)], [Beginner Magic Armor Technique (E)]

…

My stats increased a nice amount, my Mana is already at 7300… Is this cheating?

My magic is almost 1500, and the strength and vitality stats got a good boost, I guess.

The moment I became a Magic Knight, a rush of information on how to use my new Skills ran through my mind, which enlightened me in the ways of coating my weapon and armor with pure magic to generate great results.

[Beginner Magic Weapon Technique (E)]

Through your understanding of your own magic capacity and mana usage, you are capable of harboring the power of your magic and its attribute over your weapon, giving you the ability to unleash hybrid attacks combining both magic and physical damage against your enemies, calculating 30% of Magic and Strength Stat in your damage dealt through these techniques.

[Beginner Magic Armor Technique (E)]

Through your understanding of your own magic capacity and mana usage, you are capable of harboring the power of your magic and its attribute over your equipment, creating a magical armor that protects you from damage by reducing some amount of the damage you receive by calculating 30% of your Magic Stat.

…

Huh, so the first one helps me use both Strength and Magic to deal damage, while the second one lets me use Magic as a "defense stat" even though there isn't any defense stat, to begin with.

Pretty good.

Like the other Skills, when I am not doing anything, I constantly use them, so I immediately activated the Magic Armor and Magic Weapon, and held my weapon over my body with a strap.

Like this, I have them activated constantly, and I can gain proficiency on them.

Through the night we already reached the outskirts of the city, though Kireina said some shady guys tried to assault her, but she made them sleep over the road using illusion magic. Maybe they will get crushed by another car, or wake up wondering what happened, whatever it is, I don't care.

Did my Danger Perception not activated because they were not even a threat?

Anyways, we were already reaching the wild areas between New York and Canada, I think we are already around Quebec.

Man, this place surely is beautiful and tranquil, there is no big city around here until very far, and there is also the immense Lake Champlain.

While Kireina drive, I took a nap in the car, until we reached an area where there were large and dense forests, and Kireina said that she wanted to go hunt something fresh to eat…

What?

I guess she wants to eat fresh meat?

Could there be bears or deer around here? Definitely deer… or not? I am a neet, so I have no idea about this real-life stuff.

Nonetheless, exploring these forest areas and not be just on the road was refreshing, and we even went to the lake. Kireina easily fished some fish, and then after some time, we found a large deer, which I crushed its head with a Mana Bullet Blast.

After that, she taught me how to butcher, and we ate roasted deer in the middle of the wilderness, alongside grilled fish.

I had bought a lot of seasoning, so with some salt, pepper, and oregano, everything was amazing.

Man, I never thought that traveling to the outside could be this fun, I guess when you have good company, any place is fun to be.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 35 - Summoning Again! New Focus Banners?


.

.

.

After we had a good lunch, I had decided to finally summon, and use my ticket.

I am not going to waste all my Orbs though, and only do one roll with the ticket.

I open the summon menu and then…

Ding!

[Two NEW Focus Banners have been released!]

Oh right… four days ago it said that there would be two new Banners, so I guess they're here.

These banners were… Beach Episode banner and Dark Paths.

[Beach Episode Banner] [NEW!]

[Summon all the beautiful ladies and handsome gentlemen wearing their swimsuit attire! Each version counts as a unit of their own, with new abilities that differentiate them from their original versions!]

[5 Star Focus: [Kireina, Ocean Beauty], [Noah, Summer Vampire], [Veronica, Phantasmal Swimmer]

Oh?

Kireina in… a beach outfit?

This is truly like a game sometimes.

And the other is…

[Dark Paths Banner] [NEW!]

[In this banner you will be able to summon all those who had fallen into the darkness and have walked through the path of shadows and evil, those corrupted by power, greed, lust, desires, and more can be obtained here…]

[5 Star Focus: [Noah, Malicious Vampire Overlord], [Redgaria, Insane Necromancer], [Miranda, Monstrous Bioweapon]

Oh… These are quite edgy, huh.

There's even Miranda, from Epic of Ice Dragon here… Whew, this is her version before reincarnating as Benladann in the World of Yggdrasil, so she is completely different from then… And probably taken over by the mold.

There's also the classic Noah, his "evil" version is actually the normal you can get anywhere, I don't know why he is featured here, maybe to cuck you into not getting Miranda, which seems to be the new one.

And there's a five-star Redgaria too… He's a strong Necromancer I suppose.

A Necromancer would come in handy… But I have seen that he has three-star and four-star versions as well, so I don't think I have to aim for him to get him eventually.

I am tempted for the Beach Banner… So let's go with that one, though, seeing it realistically, I might not get a 5 Star right away.

Using the 50% Discount Ticket I got from an Item Box some days ago, I decide to summon five new Summons for 10 Orbs, what a nice offer!

[You exchanged 10 Orbs and [50% Discount Gacha Ticket]!]

Come on… give me that Kireina… or Veronica too… Damn it, even the bare-chested Noah would be okay.

The summon ritual emerges in the screen in front of me, as Kireina and Ervas at my sides look attentively, several jewels suddenly emerge from the magic circles, as they reveal their rarity and the heroes within them.

[You summoned the following Heroes]

[Anna, Squirrel-kin Warrior Blacksmith] [★★★★]

[Vudia, Treasury Princess] [★★★★]

[Adelle, Koi Mermaid Princess] [★★★]

[Matsuo, Holy Light Practitioner] [★★★]

[Fernand Firebrand, Blazing Blade] [★★★]

Interesting… So many varied characters.

And yes, I didn't get what I wanted, but I already assumed it anyways, this is gacha for you.

Well, at the very least I consider this the "good type" of gacha. Even if you don't get what you wanted, you get useful stuff anyways.

Anna and Vudia being 4 Star kind of make sense, both were fairly strong… and if Anna carries the Blacksmith Skill, I could get it to craft items from materials. As of now, I can only upgrade them through the system, but what about making them anew?

Or is that not even necessary if I just go around grabbing loot like some rogue-like game?

Hmm…

Anyways, Anna is a squirrel-kin Beastwoman, a side character of Ervas' story, Demon Queen Rebirth. She is a nice and attentive woman, and later on, becomes a love interest of Veronica.

Vudia is one of Kireina's children, between her and Brontes (don't ask me how you won't want to know the answer), she is a half cyclops and half fairy, and quite adorable. She is good at using electricity and creating gold out of thin air to fight or create golems.

Adelle is another character from Kireina's Epic of Caterpillar, a Mermaid Princess with a good affinity with Holy Light Magic and Spiritual Light Magic, I don't know how she will carry herself around like a mermaid, but maybe she can just float…

Matsuo is a side character from Frank's novel, he is a strong holy light user who is a favored member of the Monk Family of Tokyo. He has a gentle and caring personality, though he also likes to joke around sometimes.

For some reason, readers don't like him despite having made him into an overall nice guy. People nowadays just want lone wolf novels, so they hate when the main character has a companion and rival and call it cliché, despite what they want also being horribly cliché. Maybe they were the vocal minority made up of a bunch of edgy kids with family issues.

And Fernand Firebrand is the major asshole of Vampire Overlord, being the main bully of the protagonist, Noah. Although after some time he stops bullying Noah anyways. He has a good affinity with Fire and most likely comes with his distinctive fire blade.

Overall, pretty good.

I still got other Summon Jewels from heroes I summoned before.

Now that I have cultivated my Mana a lot, I can more or less get one or two more Summons at my side.

Kireina and Ervas still drain a lot of mana, and they drain more as they grow stronger… both of them currently drain 400 Mana per minute, but I regenerate 1200 per minute, so it is fine for now, and it gives me mana to also use on my own techniques.

The ideal is leaving at least 500+ mana for my own use, meaning that… there's just 300 Mana left for the summons.

I am sure that the moment they level up and drain more mana I will have even more mana too, so perhaps two will be fine if they start at level 1 anyways…

I also found a way to gain EXP even without going to the dungeons, and that's killing innocent people!

…Joking.

Actually, it is by killing the innocent wildlife of these forests, especially the fish, they're everywhere and give decent EXP (nothing for me, but for level 1 summons it could be a fine amount).

After a while of thinking it out and more, I decided to summon Vudia and Anna, I still want Evan's Skills.

I quickly take both of their Jewels from my Inventory and first summon Vudia.

Crash!

The jewel cracks as a magic circle emerge on the floor, a figure begins to form from pure magic, materializing.

It is a young girl, looking around 11-12 years of age, quite adorable.

Her skin is golden brown, like glossy chocolate.

She has a single golden eye in the middle of her face, incredibly beautiful, alongside tiny fangs, long elf-like ears, and a small white horn growing in the middle of her forehead, alongside having a booby styled haircut with chestnut-colored hair, while wearing a beautiful floral dress of yellow color, and her wings are yellow and gold.

[You have summoned [Vudia, Treasury Princess] [★★★★]!]

Vudia immediately glances at me with a bright, cheerful smile, and flies towards me.

"Master! Thanks for summoning me! Here, a gift for you!" she said cutely, as she suddenly conjures a flower-shaped gold sculpture…

I gently grab it as I pat her head.

"Thanks, glad to have you here," I said.

"It's my pleasure! Ah! Is that mama?" asked Vudia.

"Vudia!" said Kireina, as both began to hug and cuddle.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 36 - New Four Star Summons!


.

.

.

This is certainly interesting, although they were made of records, Kireina and Vudia still share a mother and daughter bond?

Well, that isn't a bad thing, I was just intrigued. And it is rather cute to see mother and daughter hugging each other.

"Vudia, Kireina, do you share a preemptively made bond?" I asked.

"Well, not really. We were created instead of coming from another world… But to be honest, it just feels natural to hug my daughter anyways. Even though we are recreations of the Records made by the System," said Kireina.

"I was also created to make Master not lonely and happy! And when I saw mama, I just wanted to hug her… Master, will you be my papa?" asked Vudia, as she flew towards me.

"Pa… Papa?" I asked, it was… quite sudden.

"A-Ah! D-Don't feel pressured, it was just a joke, hehe," said Vudia, as she petted my head while flying at my side, and then, she sat down over m shoulders, putting her little legs around my neck like Ervas sometimes does.

"Nice to meet you," said Ervas.

"Oh! Nice to meet you too, Ervas~!" said Vudia with a cute smile.

I guess there's no need for an introduction, Summoned Heroes seem to be given some kind of brief resume of what we are doing and our current team members.

Anyways, after summoning Vudia, I summoned Anna.

Her Jewel fell over the floor, formed a magic circle, and materialized her through the embodiment of the Records registered into the System from my very own memories it took a peek at.

I still remember that it was quite unpolite!

Ding!

[You have summoned [Anna, Squirrel-kin Warrior Blacksmith] [★★★★]!]

Anna finally emerges. Her size is around one meter and almost 90 centimeters, she's a tall girl, just as I had imagined her in my novel.

Her skin is chocolate-colored, and glossy, shining beautiful before the light of the sun.

Her body was rather buff, her thigs seemed as hard as rocks, and the muscles could easily crush a watermelon. Her belly was also rather ripped, with clear biceps showing off. This was the body of a woman that constantly fought and did blacksmith!

Her arms were also packed with small muscles, but nothing overly exaggerated, she was a beauty.

Her hair was rather short, in a similar length to Vudia's but a bit wilder. She had an eyepatch in her left eye, and her right eye shined brightly with its emerald color.

Her face was beautiful, but she held a serious expression, and her hair was brown.

She wore tribal clothes that simply covered her large breasts and nether regions barely and boots.

She had a rather tragic past in the story, having lost her right leg and left eye in a fight against a minotaur monster while saving the life of young squirrel-kin girls that walked too far away from the tribe settlements… Due to this, her right leg had a prosthetic part starting from the knee, which was black colored and had a very sleek armor-like shape, which was made by Veronica in the story.

"I am glad to have been summoned, thank you a lot, Master. Despite the possibility of using me as Skills, you choose to summon me… I will try to do my best to help you as much as I can. Ah, and to bring you company too, as the System asked me," said Anna with a gentle smile and a fiery glare filled with resolve.

Her presence was rather overwhelming, she was truly a "big girl" which I wouldn't mind being pampered by.

…Okay, forget what I said there.

Anna quickly greeted everyone else as I decided to check her Status alongside Vudia, both came out strong right off the bat.

…

[Name: [Anna]

[Race: [Squirrel-kin Beastwoman]

[Stars: [★★★★]

[Element(s): [Thunder]

[Weapon Type(s): [Axe], [Hammer]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [350/350]

[Strength: [450]

[Magic: [220]

[Dexterity: [280]

[Skills]

[Cursed Thunder Axe (A)]

[Blacksmith (B)]

[Warrioress (B)]

[Locked Skills]

[Undying Resolve (B) (Locked)]

[Spirit of Thunder: Fulgora (A) (Locked)]

[Black Thunder (S) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Cursed Thundering Axe: Axe-chan (A)]

[Body: [Squirrel-kin Tribal Clothes (B)]

[Accessory: [Veronica's Prosthetic Limb (B)]

…

Anna's status was impressive, that Strength stat was very nice at level 1…

She also came with three amazing Skills, Cursed Thunder Axe helped her use the powers of her axe which she came from, unleashing techniques with it that generated thunder all around her. Every attack she made by using this Skill would come with a thunder wave effect, vertical, horizontal, or more, even a slash into the air would release a slashing wave of yellow and zapping electricity.

Warrioress seemed to be a passive Skill that brought her greater strength growth, alongside giving her skin the [Iron Skin] ability, making it as tough as armor, so she doesn't even need to actually wear normal armor… I guess.

Oh, and the Blacksmith Skill is… just as you would guess, it helps Anna acquire insights about the creation of equipment and other items… I wanted her to do this job instead of me because I am more of an action-type of guy, you know?

And if I summon her, I don't have to waste the precious Skill Points I have, as she gets the Skill immediately after being summoned!

By the way, yes, the Blacksmith Skill costs a fortune to get in Skill Points…

These are those types of stories where I get to have many options but little resources to pick them, so I have to select carefully what to do with them and what to pick first, but I suppose that I could also just summon the hero and ask him to do the work for me, and Blacksmithing is not really something I would use Skill Points for if I can simply summon Anna to tell her to do it.

Although the other Skills looked pretty interesting… I don't think I will be using an Axe any time soon… Ah yes, thunder sounds tentative, but she can just use it for me for the moment.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 37 - Golden Morning Star


.

.

.

I am valuing Skill Points way more than other times, it is perhaps because I fear that the daily dungeons… might become not so daily after the Ragnarök begins.

Perhaps they're just to aid me in these days and after that… they are locked or something?!

That would be such a dick move, but seeing how everyone is an asshole in this universe, including God, I wouldn't have this out of the possibilities…

Wait, am I making a flag by thinking this? By being overly paranoid sometimes?

Ugh…

No, calm down, let's just forget this, there's no point worrying.

After analyzing Anna, I say she is a keeper. She is useful and could even upgrade my items or make new ones more easily… though I can just upgrade items through the Systems, perhaps she can do it better than me and give it more shiny effects or something, so I will ask her to do it from now on.

She also comes with a talking Axe, Axe-chan, a cursed axe which had inserted the soul of a mysterious murderous woman who had been a ghost for so long she forgot her own name, so Anna renamed her as Axe-chan.

After checking on Anna, I decided to check in Vudia.

…

[Name: [Vudia Dark Moon]

[Race: [Gold Cyclops Fairy Vampire]

[Stars: [★★★★]

[Element(s): [Thunder], [Earth]

[Weapon Type: [Staff]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [320/320]

[Strength: [300]

[Magic: [350]

[Dexterity: [280]

[Skills]

[Magic Gold Creation (A)]

[Electricity Generation (B)]

[Cyclops' Herculean Strength (B)]

[Locked Skills]

[Dark Vampire Form (B) (Locked)]

[Zap Cannon (A) (Locked)]

[El Dorado (S) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Golden Staff of the Treasury Princess (A)]

[Body: [Beautiful Yellow Fairy Princess Dress (B)]

[Accessory: [Kireina's Beloved Ring of Protection (B)]

…

Vudia seems like a more advanced magic user, her Gold Creation can come in all shapes and forms and bring a ton of usefulness, and it is even a valuable crafting material as well, we could technically make more weapons or equipment with her, and I am planning on asking Anna to upgrade my things with Vudia's gold, but I doubt I can upgrade it limitlessly with it, but maybe once should work.

Through the Magic Gold Creation Skill, she can not only generate gold out of thin air with my mana, but also shape it as she creates it, and then control it freely through Telekinesis… Yeah, she could create gold bullets and shot people in the head to instantly kill them, crazy.

But only ordinary people, of course, maybe Players and Supernatural Creatures that will emerge soon won't go down as easy and without a fight.

With this Skill she could also generate living gold beings, golems, although she needs to practice some more for now, and the limit of golems is based on my own mana, so she can't abuse this and has to be mindful of me.

Through Electricity Generation, Vudia can generate electricity! Yeah, pretty simple. Through any part of her body, she can generate electricity and use it to attack, enhance her gold, or more. But she needs a lot of mana to do the big zaps attacks with it.

Lastly, Cyclops Herculean Strength boosts Vudia's physical strength and makes her skin as though as ore, just like Cyclops in the canon of Epic of Caterpillar were, as a little loli she is already able to punch an ordinary body-builder to death, probably with a single punch at that.

I had considered grabbing Vudia's Skills, they honestly seem very useful but… preferred her to be at my side, and her Skills, as I said earlier, cost a lot, way more than D-Rank or C-Rank Skills!

So it was better to summoner her right away and be of use immediately than me grabbing the skill but having to wait to get it someday, not even with the daily skill points dungeons I get enough skill points in an entire week to get these OP Skills, I really need some big event soon.

Maybe the apocalypse will bring the juicy hordes of monsters so I can mindlessly slaughter them and gain a ton of Skill points, get more Skills, and become absolutely overpowered, but for now, let's do this gradually.

Anyways, now that we are done here, we made Vudia and Anna train and gain EXP by slaying the local wildlife, we hunted two bears, around 3 deer, and dozes of fishes… Oh, and I discovered that the Queen Bee monster pet I have can generate these tiny bees!

But they don't give EXP, so it was completely useless anyway, and I can't fuse the tiny bees either! They're just annoying.

I asked Anna to use the Gold Ingots that Vudia created to upgrade my weapon and armor, and she did, although it didn't evolve, but it gained a golden luster that I liked.

Both the modern mage clothes I had gained a golden and splendorous luster around it, but nothing too shiny either.

And my Morning Star became golden as well.

The gold was used as a boosting item, giving some extra stats to the items, but after some uses, they lost their effect, so that was the limit of this gold.

Well, the items will evolve at their due time.

After all of this long day, I decided to go to sleep at long last.

While Kireina was hitting the road and driving, I slept in the backseat, Vudia and Ervas sneaked in and slept over my body while being covered in the bedsheets… I don't know what to think of this other than… they looked adorable, and warmed me up.

.

.

.

[Day 5]

Day 5 already, I am getting scared now…

Hah! Not really, I already got over it.

With two new members in my party, I really do feel more secure, perhaps this is the power of a Summoner, to never feel lonely?

Is this the point of being one?

Wait, are you telling me that all Summoners just wanted some friend, so they just painstakingly studied magic and made a contract with an entity to summon it all just to make a friend?!

Huh…

Anyways, I woke up by Kireina's words, as she told me that they found an abandoned summer cabin within the forest… it has everything too.

Well, might as well enter for a bit…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 38 - A Misunderstanding?


.

.

.

I don't exactly know how Kireina managed us to cross the border into Canada, but I am guessing that she just brainwashed every guard on the border with her Charm and also her Illusion Magic, but well, within these places, people often buy these cabins they come to stay in summoner vacation.

Because they're often in the middle of the wilderness, not many people would come and try to rob them.

And it's not like there's much of value, just a bed, an old TV, and there is a big refrigerator, empty of course.

Oh, there was an actual security system, but we sabotaged it with the help of Vudia, who used her electricity manipulation to zap the entire system easily, the camera stationed there exploded due to the overcharged circuits.

We got into our new momentary home as we explored it, it was around two floors with five rooms, each room had a bed, and there were also two bathrooms with warm water.

There was also a kitchen, so we quickly began to cook something more comfortably, while I rushed to the bathroom because I haven't taken a bath since we departed.

Man, I wish I could take this house with us.

Wait, can't I?

Maybe Kireina can grab it, she's pretty strong.

Wait, I am also pretty strong.

And if we ask Anna…

No wait, just Ervas is enough, he can lift it with Telekinesis if I give him enough Mana…

Then we'll carry the entire house I guess.

Though there's the problem with the water system, I want a portable bath more than anything, and that's gonna be hard to take away, as the water and everything come from outside, down in the underground…

Ah well, for now, we are in a sweet spot, so we'll stay in here away from civilization while we wait for the Ragnarök.

I haven't gotten anything from Danger Perception, meaning that it is pretty safe to stay in here.

If we continue going forward, there should be some small towns and then a big city, but we don't want to go there, no thanks.

For now, I decide to relax, as I feel the warm water encompassing my body. I can feel my tensed-up muscles relax…

Knock, knock.

However, before dozing off in the water, I hear a knocking sound and Kireina's voice.

"Master, are you there?" she asked.

"Ah yes, I am taking a bath. You should also take a bath here-"

"E-Eh? R-Really? Well, okay then…"

"After I take mine. Wait, what did you say?"

The door suddenly opened as Kireina entered the bathroom while being completely naked, covering her breasts and nether regions with her hands, as she blushed intensively and closed the door tight.

"D-Do you really want this, Master? I-I don't really mind…" she said.

"Eh? No, I really didn't mean this! I was saying that you could take one after me…" I said.

"Ah? I-Is that so?!" asked Kireina, as her face grew redder and even steam began to come out of her elf-like ears.

She began to slowly move away…

"Though it was a misunderstanding, now that you're here, come take a bath with me then. I won't be a pushover with this stuff," I said.

"Ah?!" asked Kireina, blushing even more.

"Come, let me scratch your back, I bet you would love a warm bath," I said, trying to calm her down.

Really, it was a misunderstanding on her part, but why not? She's a beauty and I am already quite close to her after she pampers me so much… Maybe it is time to go a step further?

Kireina suddenly falls silent as her face is as red as a tomato, as she decides to slowly walk to my side, and then, her beautiful and slender pale-white legs enter the bathtub.

As she does this, I manage to see her beautiful butt cheeks ad her wide and thick hips, which are to die for.

Splash.

Kireina slowly sits down at my side as she closes her eyes and sighs.

"Bwah… The water is good…" she sighed, trying to relax as I told her, while I peek at her rosy breasts, the nipples were hidden beneath the water, sadly, but the proportions of her breasts were very faithful to her original art! Splendid work, System!

"I'm glad you're enjoying it. And the bathtub is big enough for both of us too," I said, as Kireina gives me her beautiful back and I begin to caress it with an aromatic soap there was in here.

Her skin is tender and soft, even silky.

"Hahh… M-Master… I never thought we would be doing such an intimate thing like this…" said Kireina.

"A-Ah… Well, we are summoner and summon, so we have to be intimate… So we can improve our bonds in battle," I said.

"Is that so…? Hehe, I am just happy to be with Master here," she said, as she suddenly rested her back over my bare chest.

I was suddenly given an amazing angle to her breasts from above, as they bounced around the water, but then I saw something perhaps even more beautiful, her beady and crimson-red irises, so shiny and iridescent that they make you drowsy.

We found our faces rather close to each other.

"A-Ah…! Master…! I didn't mean to…"

Kireina quickly realized that perhaps this was too advanced for her, and she began to blush again. I suppose she gets reckless in the most unexpected of moments…

"Thanks for being at my side, Kireina… Without you on that first day, I would have been pretty much lonely and lost… Your help and… emotional support makes me feel a bit more confident in myself, and that's… a lot for someone that lacks a lot of self-confidence such as me… Oh, I guess this is awkward to talk here, right?" I asked.

"M-Master… Do you really mean it?" she asked.

"Hm? Yes…" I said, as I couldn't help but blush a bit.

"It makes me so happy to be of use for you… Since I was summoned that I was here to help you get through this hell… And we'll do so together… alright?" she asked, glancing at my eyes, our faces were getting closer and closer…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 39 - A Summon's Devotion To Their Summoner


.

.

.

Things escalated quite quickly.

I don't know how to feel about this, I shouldn't really try to do what I am about to do…

Kireina is a mere creation of the System, an embodiment of the Records of my mind, of my memories, of the original character of my novel.

Despite that, she is actually an independent being from the novel and was simply made to her image while being given information and capabilities regarding what she was capable of.

In simple terms, it is not really Kireina, but someone new.

Now, now, don't come telling me "ugh, what a spinless main character!", I am just showcasing my own personal thoughts, I have never been a bold man, I have always despised the world and caged myself away from it inside my department, can you blame me for having zero experience with this?

Nonetheless, I doubt I would need to have any, Kireina seems quite willing, and she is so clingy to me I feel like she wanted this for some time now… though we have only been together for 5 days, having such a sexy vampire fairy at my side every day is… frustrating, I would be lying if I say that I didn't desire to squeeze her breasts a few times, or slap that butt another time or- Okay, I don't need to keep talking about that.

I have to keep myself away from the cringe if possible and stay as the cool-headed ruthless cunning main character that everyone loves!

Well, I should stop thinking about web novel terms, this is real life, not the web novels I am writing…

Yeah, I have to take things with a bit more realism.

But even then, with all these fantastical things happening, with magic being real and more… it is hard to not find everything so ridiculous that I shelter myself with the thought of this being fantasy.

…Maybe it is a way to cope with it.

And as I think a million things, Kireina glances at my eyes.

"Master… your eyes are so beautiful…" she said.

"Eh? My eyes?"

No one had ever really praised my physical appearance throughout my entire life, so this weirded me out a bit. But not in a bad way, it actually charmed me a bit.

"Indeed… Y-Your eyes are just… beautiful… I can see all of your emotions through them… The spark of life within you, the resolve to survive, the hilarious personality you have that always makes me chuckle… I want to stay at your side forever…" she said, as she suddenly moved her body and pressed her chest into mine, I could clearly feel her puffy breasts and the tip of her nipples rubbing against my chest… this was a heavenly sensation like nothing I had ever felt.

But perhaps all of this devotion is simply created by her existence, and maybe… it doesn't come out naturally.

Perhaps just because she is my summon she may think this. Perhaps… I wouldn't really be liked.

"Kireina… You're saying such things to me… It really makes me embarrassed... But there's always something… in my mind…" I sighed.

"Hm? W-What is it?" she asked.

"How much does the system affects your thoughts? Do you think the System is oppressing your existence?" I asked.

Suddenly, Kireina glares at me dumbfounded… and then, she chuckles.

"Fufu, Master, how have you not realized yet?" she asked.

"Realized what?" I asked.

"The System is not really the thing you think it is… It is not a power being controlled by someone, not even the Great One Above All Creation holds power over it. The moment it was made from your memories and the ticket, it became part of you, of your soul… The System is you, it is a mere materialization of your innate ability, the one gifted to you which cannot be taken away… Well, unless someone eats your soul but that's not the point here…" said Kireina.

"Wait… really? I always thought of it as something borrowed…" I said.

"It is a gift, and gifts are not given back, right? Also, I don't hold any respect to the system either, or to that hypocrite God, even if he could be considered to be something of my own involuntary creator… And no, the System only gave me information, it didn't… controlled my mind or something… The natures you choose for me simply helped my creation, but didn't affect me afterward," said Kireina.

"You mean that…?"

"That's right! Nothing is affecting my mind, Master. You're such a dummy sometimes… I am just happy to be with you, I… genuinely like to be at your side and protect you, I feel like this is simply my duty. Like all living beings who have an instinctual desire within their very beings, such as procreating, eating, sleeping, surviving… For me, being at your side, protecting you, and bringing you happiness are like my inner instincts… they just come out naturally," said Kireina.

"I see… So that's how it is…"

"This is why… when I see you smile or when I see you work hard… I feel fulfilled… Even more, now that you praised me so much… I feel like I am I cloud nine right now… Master… d-do you want to take this a step further?" asked Kireina, while blushing a bit more and pressing her chest into me once more.

"A step further…? You mean…?"

"W-What else would I mean…?" asked Kireina, her eyes glared at me as if she were a needy puppy.

I slowly put my hands over Kireina's small shoulders, as I begin to hear her breath getting heavier, the beating of her heart faster, and her breath… her warm breath is so close…

Both of us remained in silence, glaring at each other eyes as if we were hypnotized with their brilliance.

Our faces became closer and closer, as my heart started to race so fast I thought it was going to explode out of my chest.

I could feel her warm breath, as I saw Kireina opening her mouth a bit, and I did so as well, almost instinctively.

"Master…" she muttered.

"Come here…" I said, as I tightly gripped Kireina's hips and kissed her lips passionately.

Her lips were so warm and soft, I couldn't stop but kiss her even more.

Kireina's tender hips were so squeezable as well, it was like heaven on earth.

Kireina slowly began to touch my back, grasping my hard muscles and shoulders, as if appreciating my body.

Our lips slowly separated, as she looked at me lovingly.

"Ah… Master… I am so happy…" she said.

"I am so happy too… T-This is… Hahh… Like a dream…" I sighed.

"It is for me too… Existing here just for your happiness, and kissing you… it is really such a beautiful feeling… it makes my heart blossom with soft feelings… It is so odd…" said Kireina while blushing more, she was clearly not at all like the character of my novel…

No, that character was mere fictional, this was a real person here… she was not really her, the Kireina of now was no character from any place, she was… just herself.

She had not really much relation with anything within the novel at all, nor the characters, nor anything of the sort… Vudia and her were close, but that was more like the simple maternal instincts of her and Vudia's being cute with everyone.

She was a different person, and my summon.

"Kireina… Would you like to take upon a name you want?" I asked.

"A… name?" she asked.

"You're not really the character Kireina… So why don't you take on a name you want?" I asked.

"A name… Kireina is fine to me, really. It means beautiful in Japanese, right? It is very good…" said Kireina.

"Oh… Are you sure?" I asked.

"Of course! I am fine with it. And I know it makes you more comfortable anyways… Now~ Fufu, what's down here~ Eehh~?" asked Kireina, as she began to grasp the friend down below, which had been rising faster than the Shield Hero.

"T-That's…! A-Are you sure?" I asked.

"Fufu… Let's take it… another step further now… shall we~? Don't you remember, Master? I am… quite the embodiment of lust a bit… Why don't we try out some of such Skills~?" she asked.

Without doubting it for a second, I stood over the bathtub, startling Kireina, as I princess carried her to the bed.

.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 40 - Passion (R18)


.

.

.

After what we spoke about, I was suddenly taken over by an enormous rush of heat all over my body. I couldn't help but desire to embrace Kireina's love in the softness of a bed.

Without thinking it twice, I quickly grabbed her with my arms and jumped out of the bathtub, surprising her quite a lot.

She was surprisingly light.

"Hyaa! M-Master? Wait, this is way too sudden!" she cried.

"Don't come backing down now, you said you wanted us to step even further… Fine by me, let's just do it." I said.

"S-Such resolve…" muttered Kireina, as her face was completely red, blushing with intensity.

I walked out of the bath and then went directly into my room, where I tightly closed the door and left Kireina resting above the bed… we were all wet, so I just put some towels over the bed so it wouldn't get all wet with the water… and well, the couple of other fluids that might cover it soon.

Tightly closing the door, I finally braced myself as I moved near the bed, where Kireina sat down waiting for me, she was now revealing to me her beautiful nude body without covering it with her hands.

Her breasts looked soft and round, and the pink nipples were stiff, showing that she was excited. I could also more or less see her vagina's tightly closed lips… but not for too long.

I slowly sat down at her side, as Kireina immediately glanced at my penis, as it was completely erected.

Her crimson eyes began to gleam with desire, however, she glanced back at me without doing anything yet.

"Are you sure?" she asked again.

"Again with the same question… Of course, I am…" I said, holding her hand as our faces got closer again, our lips touched once more, and we kissed lovingly again.

Her lips were delicious, tender, and warm, giving me chills all the time I touched them with my own, making me feel even more excited as if my entire body had turned into a furnace blazing with passion.

I suddenly moved Kireina down the bed, and we continued kissing there as our tongues began to touch not long after, Kireina's heart was pumping rapidly as I sensed an aromatic and alluring scent suddenly being secreted from her neck, which made me go even more crazy.

Her tongue was warm and soft, tender and delicious. I couldn't help but continue to kiss her passionately, becoming more and more wilder with each passing second.

My entire body began to sweat continuously, as I was devouring Kireina's lips with my own, our tongues had already begun to touch constantly rather lasciviously, and I could feel Kireina's hands as they grasped my back.

Our lips suddenly separated for a few seconds as our eyes meet, Kireina was breathing heavily as her warm breath touched my face, our tongues, however, continued touching each other lewdly. I couldn't contain myself as I kissed her tongue and sucked it with my lips, surprising Kireina a bit as we quickly unified our lips once more.

I used my hand to slowly caress her deliciously created body, every inch of her existence was perfect. Her skin was so smooth and silky to the touch, her flesh was squeezable and tender… I loved to grasp her wide hips and then touch her large butt cheeks, grasping them tightly as she released tiny moans inside of my mouth.

"Hmmm~ Haahh~ Master… You kiss so passionately…" she moaned, as our lips finally separated for once.

I was resting right above her, my arms were around her shoulders and Kireina's nude body right below me… my erected cock was boiling with heat, and the tip was constantly rubbing over Kireina's belly, which made her quickly notice it.

"Fufu, what do we have here~?" she asked, as she moved me aside, resting above the bed as her crimson-red eyes flashed with lustful desires, her entire body began to exude an even more alluring scent.

Her hands gently grabbed my penis, the tenderness of her hands compared to the hardness of my cock were evident, alongside their heat.

"Ooh, so hot… Fufu~"

Smiling mischievously as she released an adorable chuckle, Kireina began to gently stroke my cock with her hand, making me go numb due to the exhilarating ecstasy that I felt.

The glands around the tip were being stimulated by her small and delicate hand, making the experience more enjoyable.

I felt jolts rushing through my entire body, as I couldn't help but breathe heavily.

"Hahh… Y-You're good at this…" I sighed. My pent-up frustrations were finally getting out of my system as Kireina was giving me a spectacular hand job service.

The more jolts I felt the more the stimulation became. At some point Kireina lowered her head over my chest and began to use her tongue to suck into my nipples lasciviously, it felt as if a domineering succubus lady was playing with my body as if it were her toy… Her crimson-red eyes glared at me with perverted malice that only made me get harder.

For a moment, a strong jolt rushed into my spine, almost reaching my cock as her strokes became incredibly fast and exciting, however, she suddenly gripped the middle of my cock, stopping me from cumming prematurely.

"Not yet… Fufu~ I have to give it a taste first, shouldn't I? I am dying to lick it and suck it up~ Hahh~" she moaned, as she told me to stand up, as she squatted, and my cock was left right above her face.

"K-Kireina… Hahh…"

"Don't worry, Master… I will give you the best blowjob you could ever have in your lifetime… After this, you will never want to be with anyone else~" she said, as her nose began to smell the musky and steamy scent of my cock as if it were a delicacy to her senses.

"Oh my~ I am going to slurp this so good~," she said, as her tongue began to slowly come out of her mouth, I could see her sharp vampire fangs inside of her mouth, a dangerous thing for sure, but if she was to be careful enough, it wouldn't be a problem… there was a feeling of danger in sticking my cock inside such a mouth, but thankfully, she began to slowly lick it, bit by bit.

Her warm tongue started to touch the tip, her warm, soft, and slipper tongue made my entire body jolt with each lick, just little and teasing licks came first, but after a while, Kireina began to become entailed in the flavor of my cock, as she started to lick it more intensively, caressing my cock with it and sucking the saliva she got over it as if it were an elixir.

The sensations were simply godly, her lips and tongue were wonderful, but like this, I would never cum, she was simply teasing me with this.

"Here's what you've been waiting for~"

Until she finally moved her lips over the tip and kissed it, opening her mouth, and slowly approaching the tip of my cock to the depths of her mouth, her warm breath made the experience even more intense.

And then… her lips closed over the tip of my cock, and I was finally able to feel it inside of her warm mouth, which felt like a warm, slimy, and slipper furnace.

Oh fuck.

She began to slowly stroke my cock deeper into her mouth, as she glanced at me with seductive eyes, her crimson eyes were so beautiful and hypnotizing I felt like I was losing myself.

She continued to suck my cock as she began to hasten, her tongue gently massaged the glands below the tip of my cock, making everything even more delicious.

I quickly put my hands over her horns, as I began to slowly pull my cock deeper into her mouth.

Kireina accepted it happily as her lips kept sucking my cock incredibly tightly, her tongue played with my glands as all the saliva produced by her mouth continuously washed my cock in a sea of warmness.

"Hahh…! You're sucking it so good…" I said, petting Kireina as I rewarded her amazing job by trusting my cock deeper into her mouth. The tip suddenly touched her throat, as I felt that some kind of suction force was sucking it even deeper.

"Hmmm~!" Kireina moaned as she quickly took out my cock from her mouth, gasping for air.

"Hahh… Master, you're so intense…" she said, quickly sucking my cock again and putting it all the way into her throat… she was the intense here.

I continued to thrust deeply into the sea of warmth as I felt like losing myself at every second, the sensations of having a warm mouth eating your cock up with such splendorous sucking force were simply otherworldly, and Kireina looked so lewd squatting down below, submitting to me… It was like paradise.

A second after, I grasped her horns and pushed her mouth all the way to the base of my cock, my cock reached her throat, and a jolt of electricity ran through my spine, a second after, I came.

A thick load of seed reached the insides of her throat, as I saw Kireina drinking it all as if it were the elixir of the gods.

I felt like I was about to faint, my cock slowly came out of her mouth completely clean, as she showed me her mouth too, she had drunk it all obediently…

"See~? I drank it all~" she said.

"What a good girl…" I said, petting her head as she quickly stood up and threw me into the bed.

I felt already exhausted, but suddenly, she extended her nail and pierced my left arm with it for a bit.

A little pain came, as I felt like she added some kind of strange fluid to my bloodstream…

A second after, my body began to heat up and fill itself with energy, my cock was furiously erected, I was back to the game.

"That's…" I muttered as Kireina laughed mischievously!

"Fufu… This is simply a little bit of secretion from my body… It is merely my own sweat that I injected there… It was strong aphrodisiac effects…" she said, quickly sitting right above my hips, my cock began to rub with her belly, as her lower lips started to rub with it.

"Hahh… This is making me go nuts…" I muttered, as Kireina only smiled once more.

"Good~ You'll have to go nuts with me, Master~ I am going to squeeze you dry~!" she said, her butterfly wings flapping as I felt completely dominated by her strong dominating presence.

She quickly squatted over my hips, as she gently put her lips over my erected cock.

Ah… the tip of her vagina was tight, and it felt like an arduous task, but slowly, I began to pull through.

The walls of her uterus began to encompass my cock, as I slowly opened them more and more, drilling deep into her and deflowering her.

Such warmness was making me go completely insane, but I was able to bear it down, Kireina moaned lightly with each second, she tried to suppress the loud moans but I suddenly surprised her as I quickly broke through the last part, her hips falling over mine as we were quickly connected.

"Hyaa~!" she moaned, surprised over my sudden boldness, as I grasped her thick thighs and squeezed them.

"How is it?" I asked.

"Hahh~ So big… it is already touching the last part… I have lost my virginity to Master~" she moaned, her crimson eyes glaring at me with enormous sexual desire.

I quickly pulled her down, surprising her once more as I decided to take the initiative, I was not going to lose to her!

"AH~! M-Master?!" she asked while moaning, my cock quickly got up again and then I began to drill like there was no tomorrow, my hips moved like a mad dog who had finally found a mate after weeks of trying to find anything, Kireina immediately was encompassed by the pleasure, and so was I, as my cock was tightly pressed by her internal walls, her lower lips kissing my cock with every stroke.

Plap, plap, plap.

Our sweaty skin began to slap each other continuously as I kept trusting inside of Kireina, her moans of pleasure resonating loud and clear.

"Aaaahh~ Master~! Oh, fuck~! So hard~! Yes~!" she moaned, as I quickly began to devour her breasts with my lips, sucking her stiff and sensitive nipples, making her moan even louder.

"Hmmm~!" Kireina moaned again, as I continued to pull through.

My breath became heavier and heavier, as I positioned myself better over her and lowered my torso, beginning to kiss her passionately, her moans of pleasure began to resonate inside of my mouth as I did not let go of her delicious lips.

Soon after, Kireina's legs quickly locked into my hips, tightly pulling me deeper into her juicy insides, making me go even harder and faster!

"Hahh… Kireina… Your insides are so warm…" I moaned.

"Master~! I love you… Let's have… lots of babies together!" she moaned, as I kept kissing and licking her neck.

"Yes… I also love you… I am going to make sure to breed you well~ You will become my bride!" I said.

"Ohhhh~! Yes! Let me be your brideee~!" she moaned, as we tightly held hands while kissing, a second after, a jolt of electricity ran through my spine, and I came. A wave of my thick and warm seed filled Kireina's womb, making her body tremble a little bit almost instinctively.

"Hahh… Haahhh…"

I slowly pulled out my cock, as a small stream of my semen came out of her wet pussy. The deed was more than done…

"Haahhh… So full…" she moaned, as we kissed once more.

"Thank you for being… with me…" I said.

"Master… Don't worry about that… I will always be at your side…" she said, our passion quickly came back, as we continued to mate passionately for several hours to come.

…

I think I passed out.

When I woke up, it was around 4 PM… Kireina was at my side sleeping too, we really did go completely all out there.

Oh… Ugh, probably everyone down there heard this…

I hope they pretend they didn't though…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 41 - Time To Upgrade Equipment Again!


.

.

.

After waking up, we decided to wash in the bathroom, but this ended in us doing it again over and over… However, after that, we finally got ourselves ready to challenge everyone downstairs.

We walked downstairs as we were greeted by… no one.

EH?

A second after, I got a telepathic message from Ervas, who was hunting outside with everyone else, it seems that they miraculously left right before we began… Phew, that's lucky.

I guess the plot armor is helping me evade these awkward things instead of giving me a sudden edge in battle.

Wait, I would like the edge too!

Is there a plot armor skill around?

Probably not… But I could one day make it! Who knows?

Anyways, we decided to wait for everyone to come back while we began to cook something for us.

"Master… I wonder something…" said Kireina.

"Hm? Yes?" I asked.

"D-Did you really mean it when you said you wanted to breed with me? TO have… children?" she asked rather timidly.

"Of course, I would love to… But I don't exactly know if it is going to work, you are a summon, after all, a different type of… existence," I said.

"Yeah, that why I was wondering if it can even be possible… Haha," she chuckled.

"Well, let's leave it to fate if it is or not, shall we?" I asked.

"Alright, the~! Here's your fried rice," she said, sitting in front of me as she held my hands and smiled gently at me.

"It was very fun…" she said. I skipped a beat right there.

"I also enjoyed it a lot… Let's do it tonight as well, alright?" I asked.

"Oh?! Really? T-Then… are we officially…?" asked Kireina while blushing.

"More or less, we could officially be… erm… a couple," I said, as Kireina immediately smiled happily and adorably.

"A couple? Oh my~! This is happening so fast, but I can't help but be happy…" she said.

"Well, after we already did it all, I found it the logical next step to just be a couple…" I said.

"Yeah, you're right… I will make sure to be a nice housewife for my husband, fufu~" said Kireina.

Uwah… I didn't think about the possibilities! But this is amazing! A housewife milf vampire fairy?! This is surely a dream, this can't be so good...

Kireina notices as I try to pinch my hand.

"Fufu, you're so hilarious… Master, this is real life~" she said, as she drank a bit of wine.

"You're right… Alright then, there's still a lot to do, so let's eat quickly," I said.

"Very well! Let's delve into more dungeons afterward! Although we are getting pretty little EXP now… I hope I can reach level cap again soon before everything goes down though…!" said Kireina.

"I am sure you will, you're a hard worker," I said.

"Hehe… If Master praises me more, I shall work extra hard~" said Kireina.

We continued chatting and eating, Kireina was flirting with me a lot now…

After the group finally came back, Ervas wondered why we were so lovey-dovey all out of the sudden, but we decided to say, "things happened" and we left it at that.

After eating, we delved into the dungeon with Anna and Vudia, and we farmed Gold, EXP, and Skill Points once more, using my newly acquired skills, I blasted away the monsters within seconds, and my golden morning star decimated anything it bonked.

After the arduous grinding, we went to take a rest in the living room of the cabin, while watching TV.

Ding!

[Your Level increased to Level 21!]

[Your Level increased to Level 22!]

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Human]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 45]

[Gold: 40.430]

[Hero Feathers: 10.100]

[Hero Fragments: 100]

[Job: [Magic Knight]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: 8.560]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [20/30] > [22/30]

[Vitality: [650/650]

[Mana: [8.300/8.300]

[Strength: [580]

[Magic: [1850]

[Dexterity: [680]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Apprentice Sorcerer (E)], [Mana Bullet Blast (E)], [Danger Perception (C)], [Fire Jewel (D)], [Wind Jewel (D)], [Beginner Magic Weapon Technique (E)], [Beginner Magic Armor Technique (E)]

…

My stats had increased quite a decent amount now, but I still got a long way to go! At the very least, I am getting somewhere.

My Magic is without a doubt my strongest offensive stat, my Mana Bullet Blasts charged with 1850 Magic are devastating, it only took two to kill a Dungeon Boss now, it is crazy how much they have improved.

Alongside that, I still can't control the crystals with telekinesis… but I have been shaping them around some more, and I can more or less create grenades with ease.

They are a good way to surprise people, but they could also be good to set traps… Maybe if I can find a way to shape it as a gun, I could use the fire crystals as amazing bullets.

…and I had tried to use them as upgrading materials too.

The result? It worked.

Yup, it works, Anna said that they were fitting to upgrade my equipment, so I made up a big pile of it.

The pile of wind and fire crystals was for both the weapons and the equipment, the accessory seemed to not be compatible with it as it was purely ice element, while the weapon and clothes were all-element or simply no-element and compatible with anything…

I ended spending around 16.000 Gold, and 1600 Hero feathers on the upgrade, but it was worth it.

Anna did it all for me, and it actually cost cheaper than if I had done it myself, the discount depended on our bond and her level, as of now, it was around 20%.

The morning star and the clothes changed drastically once more… and became D-Rank items.

Their quality surely became better, like… splendorous, I suppose.

The Morning Star turned into a long cane, with a spiky tip made of red and green crystals, which released a magical aura. The handle and everything else were golden, which was the gold of Vudia's gold creation skill.

The entire Cane was incredibly compatible with me, and it resonated with a mystical and magical aura, connecting with my soul, and beginning to absorb my mana to enhance itself…

To think that this thing started as a Bat…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 42 - Powerful New Equipment!


.

.

.

After the upgrade of the weapon, Anna handled it to me.

She was able to "forge them" through the summoning of an anvil and a hammer. Using the Blacksmith Skill generated such a magical effect that let her simulate this when upgrading items.

"And done, there you go, Master," said Anna.

I grasped the beautiful and long golden cane with my hands, it felt quite light compared to the morning star, but there was an intense magical aura within it…

…

[Weapon: [Accursed Golden Mithril Cane of Fire and Wind (D-Grade)]

[Durability: 500/500]

[Attack Power: 460]

[Magic Conductivity: 750]

[Weapon Speed: 360]

[Traits: [Cursed Weapon (D)], [Evolving Weapon (D)], [Automatic Repair (D)], [Slaughter Healing (D)], [Mana Conductivity (D)], [Evil-Slaying Smite (D)], [Fireball (D)] (New!), [Gust (D)] (New!)

…

And here it is the thing that most surprised me, the new Traits it acquired…

With this, even if I don't have an innate affinity to Fire or Wind, I can still conjure it!

I have been trying to use Mana Bullet Blast with other elements, but I seem to be what is called "attribute-less", I lack an attribute, and therefore, it is Null.

But with weapons and Skills, I can more or less wield all Elements as well.

Strangely, my innate talent is Null-Attribute, but I can cheat it by using the System.

And well, this amazing weapon has acquired Fireball and Gust most likely due to being enhanced with a large pile of Fire and Wind Crystals.

In fact, the ornament it had at the tip of the cane, which looked like a crown-shaped decoration was made of these crystals, all concentrated into these forms. When I conjured a fireball into the air (outside the house), the red crystals would glow up and absorb my mana, firing the spell.

And when I used Gust, the green crystals would glow, generating a gust of green-colored winds.

Interesting, I got a new arsenal of attacks I suppose as long as I hold the thing, of course.

Oh, and when I enhance it using the Magic Knight Skills, the fireballs, and gusts double in mass and impact rage, which is even more incredible.

After this, Anna upgraded the whole set of clothes with the various materials as well… Ah, it's not like I stood nude in front of her or something, I was wearing something else.

I had thought about converting more weapons and clothes into cursed equipment, so I will most likely try to do something soon, but I fear that it will become useless because the Apocalypse might bring even better loot than what I could make with simple clothes.

When Anna was done upgrading the clothing set, the changes were as clear as day.

Although it still looked quite modern-looking, the texture of the whole clothing was smooth and also filled with golden, red, and green decorations, there was also a hoodie that was decorated with flame-shaped decorations made of gold and what seemed to be crystals.

The set now had two gloves that had incrusted crystals of fire and wind on them. No, I wasn't able to conjure fireball and gust with them, but they enhanced my capabilities, the fire crystals enhanced strength while the wind crystals enhanced speed.

A pretty amazing design if I do say so myself.

…

[Accursed Sorcerer of Fire and Wind Set (D-Grade)]

[Durability: 1000/1000]

[Physical Defense: 550]

[Magical Defense: 740]

[Traits: [Cursed Equipment (D)], [Evolving Equipment (D)], [Automatic Repair (D)], [Status Effect Resistance (D)], [Mana Conductivity (D)], [Fire enhancement (D)] (New!), [Wind enhancement (D)] (New!)

…

Yup, the enhancements I mentioned earlier were part of these two Traits. Each enhancement lasts for around 5 minutes and costs roughly between 300-500 Mana.

After having explored the Dungeons and upgraded my equipment, I had decided to spend the day practicing Skills, constantly using Mana alongside everyone else, while I also started setting up traps.

Yeah, traps.

We dug the ground and I put dozens of fire crystals and wind crystals there. Alongside that, after some effort, Vudia was able to create a single golem, which took a toll on her mental fatigue, which all Summons seem to have.

This golem had around two meters in size and was made entirely out of her gold, having the shape of a humanoid made of blocks.

It had a cube-shaped "head" where two bright yellow glows were.

I don't know how she made them, but it seems that they don't have souls inside like some other Golems within the books I wrote, making this creature purely magical.

I didn't want to kill it for EXP because it took her a lot of time to make. But I doubt it would even give EXP, as the System wouldn't allow me to cheese through things so easily…

As was practicing my Skills, suddenly, I seem to have earned enough proficiency.

Ding!

[The [Apprentice Sorcerer (E)] Skill has awakened into the [Young Sorcerer (D)] Skill!]

[Young Sorcerer (D)]

As someone who has surpassed what could be seen as an apprentice sorcerer, you're still young and inexperienced, but you have already attained a level of magic above the norm, and your inner magical talent can keep increasing as you practice more.

There is no limit to your magical development, your magic power evolves alongside you!

[The [Mana Bullet Blast (E)] Skill has awakened into the [Consecutive Mana Bullet Blast (D)] Skill!]

[Consecutive Mana Bullet Blast (D)]

As someone who has mastered the ability to create bullets made of pure mana, you can now conjure several spheres at the same time, with a max of three. Each Bullet will explode after hitting an enemy, dealing greater amounts of damage, and ignoring physical defense.

You can control the bullets you create and move them in midair through your will.

…

Amazing!

I was rather surprised by these changes, but they really do feel like great upgrades.

I can now generate three Mana Bullet Blasts, and to boot, my internal Mana Control has become even greater thanks to Young Sorcerer.

I began to practice against the trees nearby, and by pointing my cane at them and activating the Skill, three spheres of pure and transparent manage emerge out of thin air, flying towards the tree and exploding consecutively!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Crack…!

CRASH…!

The entire tree falls apart, and so around five more behind it…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 43 - Picking Up New Skills And... Evolution?


.

.

.

[Day 6]

[Your Level has increased to Level 23!]

After seeing my Skills awaken, I decided to spend some of the saved-up Skill Points I got into getting more Skills…

So this morning, after we did our daily Dungeon Diving, I got a nice amount of Skill Points saved up, it was time.

I can only dream to catch 4 Star Summon Skills, but I am pretty sure I can pick those that 3 Star Units have for now.

I had considered this for a little while, but I suppose I will grab Hiromi's Skills.

Why? They're amazing.

Yeah, it might be sad that I won't summon a cute vampire girl, but Kireina is all the vampire I require at this moment.

And it is not like she would suffer or something, I haven't even summoned her yet, so she technically doesn't exist… and she might emerge once more whenever I summon again.

So…

The Skills I will grab from her that are the [Dhampir (C)], [Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (D)], and [Curse Caster (D)].

Yep… I am becoming a Dhampir, most likely.

I don't worry about it because it doesn't give any weaknesses, Hiromi in the original story didn't possess the weaknesses that Vampires had, similarly to Kireina, as she was a Dhampir…

Being a Dhampir brings a ton of new capabilities, and leaving aside my humanity is not a problem for me anyway, I never felt too attached to being a human, nor to this world.

Eh, that might have sounded very edgy… But that's how things are, every one of us has some edgy part within us.

I had just enough Skill Points at 11350 Skill Points…

[You exchanged 5000 Skill Points!]

[You learned the [Dhampir (C)] Skill!]

[You exchanged 3000 Skill Points!]

[You learned the [Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (D)] Skill!]

[You exchanged 3000 Skill Points!]

[You learned the [Curse Caster (D)] Skill!]

…

[Dhampir (C)]

You are a dhampir, a half-breed between a Vampire and a Human, possessing several capabilities that Vampires do while having none of their weaknesses. However, your powers are not as strong as true Vampires. Nonetheless, you're already way above humans.

[Supernatural Strength]: You possess supernatural strength greater than any human, comparable to Vampires. Your Strength Growth Doubles and your muscles will develop further while keeping a sleek and slim build.

[Undying Body]: Your body can regenerate wounds automatically, and even lost limbs, although you don't need blood to sustain yourself, drinking it can enhance your regeneration abilities and allow you to regenerate faster, if you don't drink enough, regeneration speed will be slowed down.

[Paranormal Senses]: Your senses have been enhanced and can be considered supernatural or paranormal. You can perceive things people often don't, see spirits, ghosts, and even detect traps with ease. Your five senses have become sharp, you can see from very far away, smell things and discern what they are, and more.

[Bloodsucking]: By drinking the blood of your enemies, you can recovery mana continuously and satiate your hunger while enhancing all of your stats up to 50% when you're fully satiated.

[Negate Weaknesses]: You negate all Vampire weaknesses.

…

[Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (D)]

Your Vampiric Eyes can inflict paralysis on foes it glares at, its effectiveness depends on the foe's resistance to paralysis, curses, and strength, alongside your own Magic and Mana Stats.

Depending on the foe, the Paralysis can only last but a second, or last minutes.

…

[Curse Caster (D)]

You're a natural inborn Curse Caster, and any Curse you cast is enhanced. Curses effectiveness double and their power over other beings who lack resistance to them become even greater. You're also capable of developing new Curse-based abilities as you learn more of your true powers.

…

The moment I picked up the Skills, my body began to convulse.

I suddenly fell over the floor as I felt my breath become heavy, my eyelids were twitching, and my senses were warping around.

Everyone around me ran to my aid, but I told them to let me be, this was only natural.

I had just become a Dhampir out of nowhere, and my senses needed to readjust to what I was becoming.

My skin began to itch like crazy, my muscles started to tear themselves apart and then heal again constantly.

My eyes felt like they were melting, and my hair was itching too, my black hair suddenly turning white.

I felt a strong thirst down my throat, and my heart stopped to beat only to beat once more but slowly.

My fangs grew larger and sharp, only by touching them with my tongue I was able to cut my tongue, which regenerated right away.

My entire body became completely cold, and then warm again.

I felt like the itching sensation was burning my skin, I saw as my skin began to peel off, and then it regenerated once more.

What was happening? This was crazier than I had expected…

I suddenly fell unconscious…

.

.

.

When I woke up, I felt strange.

I was able to hear things from far away, and even smell roses and the sweat of… Kireina at my side.

My eyes opened as I glanced at her, the focus of my eyes changed repeatedly, I was able to see her skin in detail, the smoothness of it, and then see her from very far away.

I felt rather sickly…

"I should have prepared better for that…" I sighed.

"Master! I am glad you're okay…" sighed Kireina, hugging me as I found myself resting on our bed, she hugged and then kissed me… Well, being pampered by her is not so bad. Perhaps I should pretend to be sick a bit more…

"I think becoming a Dhampir brought some changes in my psyche which were hard to adjust to…" I sighed.

"I can see that… But how do you feel?" she asked.

"I feel… fine for now. I just simply need to rest and adjust to my new senses and body… Though can you bring me water? I feel incredibly thirsty…" I sighed.

"Sure thing!"

Kireina went to the kitchen and bought me a cup of water.

I drank the refreshing liquid but… the soreness in my throat didn't disappear.

It wasn't particularly anything that annoying, but it was just there…

"I am still… thirsty," I said.

"Oh… I see, if you're a Dhampir, perhaps a little blood might do you some good~" said Kireina, smiling mischievously.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 44 - Delicious Blood


.

.

.

"If blood is what you need Master, feel free to bite my neck~," said Kireina.

"Eh? But will it work? You're a summon…" I said.

"Indeed, but I do still have blood. Why don't you try at the very least? …Also, I can't help but admit that I want Master to bite me~ I-I don't know why, but it is just a thing of Vampires that love each other," said Kireina while blushing.

A thing of Vampires? …I think she's bullshitting me here and she is just a bit of a masochist. But it is fine I guess.

I sat down over Kireina's large legs as if I were her son or something, and she let me drink her blood from her tender pale-white neck.

It was so tender I feel bad for biting it, but the intent I had deep within me to drink as much as I could was more intense.

I quickly bit her tender neck, as Kireina released a little moan.

"Ooh~"

I decided to ignore her for the moment, and quickly sensed the scent of fresh blood coming from her wounds, which I began to suck with my lips and mouth, my tongue was covered with the delicious umami flavor of blood, metallic, sweet, and even a bit salty too.

As Blood ever tasted this good? It was making me go insane.

I kept drinking and drinking as Kireina continued to moan a bit, her breath became heavy and her heart started to beat very fast.

Seriously, does this really feels THAT good? I mean… come on.

But indeed, I was greatly enjoying myself, this flavor was delicious and amazing, I couldn't help but continue to drink as much as I could, my senses suddenly enhanced, and I felt as if my eyes were glowing.

My muscles tensed up and even my bones felt sturdier. My fangs grew larger and pierced deeper, as my heart started to beat faster.

I was filled with an immense amount of energy…

After a few minutes, I quickly took away my fangs from Kireina, as she rested over the bed while breathing heavily.

"Hahh… Master, that so intense…"

"I think the same… I never thought your blood would actually work. I suppose I don't necessarily have to go hunt humans… Well, if one crosses our path and has ill I might as well try the taste of its blood… but not for now," I said.

"I am glad I was able to satiate Master's thirst…" said Kireina as she kissed me lovingly, licking my lips with her delicious tongue as she cleansed the blood around them, and also tasting her own blood from sucking my tongue with her lips… she gave very lewd kisses.

I felt a sudden erection down my pants, Kireina's lewd and passionate kisses already put me in the mood. And I suppose it was finally time to give her some energy back through her Succubus Ability within her Realm Menace of Lust Skill, and Dual Cultivation was always a good option.

"Do you feel tired after that? How about I give you back some nourishment as well?" I asked teasingly, as Kireina smiled mischievously.

"Ooh~! Fufu, Master, I can see you're eager~" she said, caressing my hard as rock cock beneath my pants.

We quickly undressed as we had a few hours of passionate mating, giving Kireina some of my energy back seemed to work wonderfully, after a few times, she was already overflowing with energy once more… She is quite the vicious woman. A true predator in bed.

Anyways, after the intense loving session, we finally were done and we took a warm bath to relax, while she cleansed my back with soap, I checked my Stats, they had increased.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 46]

[Gold: 40.230]

[Hero Feathers: 9.500]

[Hero Fragments: 200]

[Job: [Magic Knight]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: 350]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [23/30]

[Vitality: [900/900]

[Mana: [9.200/9.200]

[Strength: [750]

[Magic: [2300]

[Dexterity: [780]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Young Sorcerer (D)], [Consecutive Mana Bullet Blast (D)], [Danger Perception (C)], [Fire Jewel (D)], [Wind Jewel (D)], [Beginner Magic Weapon Technique (E)], [Beginner Magic Armor Technique (E)], [Dhampir (C)], [Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (D)], [Curse Caster (D)]

[Summoned Heroes: [Kireina, Gluttonous Beauty] [★★★★★], [Ervas, Child of Nature] [★★★★], [Anna, Squirrel-kin Warrior Blacksmith] [★★★★], [Vudia, Treasury Princess] [★★★★]

…

Hot damn, just as I thought, they increased quite a lot… Becoming a Dhampir was the best decision ever, even if it brought a few backlashes.

My strength had increased a lot, and my Vitality was now at 900! I was really getting the hang of this, huh?

And the best part was that, aside from the blood thing, there were no other weaknesses per se, and if I can simply ignore feeling thirsty, the bloody thing wouldn't even be a weakness.

I was not a battle junkie, but I couldn't wait to see what kind of enemies I might be able to meet, so I could try my capabilities in detail…

Today was a bountiful day indeed! But we were not slacking, as we continued to practice our Skills even after getting done with the Dungeon.

We decided to not advance any further and stay in here, making this our main base. But depending on how things change, we might move out or something, or I might carry the house with me through the Inventory.

Vudia had already made a second golem after much effort, so I rewarded her with petting and cooking something nice for her with Kireina… oh, and I gave her a few candies I got from the Walmart we went to buy stuff a few days ago.

After the shocking news of revealing myself as a Dhampir, everyone seemed… not amused.

"Amazing, Master! You can now be even stronger!" said Anna.

"Yeah! You're like mama and me! Can I call you papa?" asked Vudia.

"Papa…? Well, if you want to…" I said.

"If Kireina's blood worked you can also drink my blood too, if you want, Master," said Ervas.

"Eh?! M-Master, would you drink other people's blood rather than… mine?" asked Kireina while feeling impacted.

"Wait, Kireina, don't take this seriously, he was joking," I said.

"Yeah, I was joking… but I wouldn't mind if he drank it anyway," said Ervas.

"Hehe, sorry, Ervas, but Master has already become quite addicted to MY blood~!" said Kireina while puffing her chest…

"Ok." Said Ervas with an expressionless face.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 45 - The Ragnarok Begins!


.

.

.

In just a few hours the Ragnarök shall commence, and I can't sleep at all like this.

The expectation is killing me.

Although… after becoming a Dhampir, I feel oddly relaxed and more composed, calm too.

I have been planning things around, if we are ever raided by a beast, they will all be blown away by the traps we settled up, and the golems guarding us will also attack.

And well, there are also my Summons and my tamed monster pets, which include Cuco, who has recently reached level 10 and then broke through his level cap, now being at Level 16.

Unlike summons, you don't need to give resources to monster pets for them to evolve, so he is now even stronger… my little black cat is such a strong beast now, it makes me proud.

Here are his stats…

…

[Name: [Cuco]

[Race: [Shadow-Born Snake-Tailed Venomous Black Cat]

[Monster Grade: [E-Grade]

[Element(s): [Darkness], [Poison]

[Level: [16/20]

[Vitality: [720/720]

[Mana: [230/230]

[Strength: [560]

[Magic: [280]

[Dexterity: [780]

[Skills]

[Venomous Dark Claws (E)]

[Shadow Walk (E)]

[Intimidating Glare (E)]

…

He hasn't learned any new skills, but he has become pretty good at using his natural strength and agility.

Meanwhile, the other monsters I have tamed had also grown stronger… but my plan is simple, I will fuse them into Cuco to make my cat the ultimate Black Cat Monster!

However… not yet!

I want them all to grow even stronger before that, and then finally fuse them into Cuco so he can grow exponentially stronger, probably finally increasing his Grade again and receiving a nice extra boost to his Stats.

It is already night here, around 9 PM… all of us are above the rooftop of the house, waiting for hours to go by and… for whatever is to come to finally happening.

We will survive together, no matter what.

…

[Day 7]

We have been awakening while chatting around to calm ourselves until the count finally was reaching the last minute… at 6 Am on Day 7, everything would begin again.

We had already explored the Daily Dungeon when it was 1 AM, so I got a bit more loot to go by.

While practicing my Skills, two new Skills just awakened.

Ding!

[The [Beginner Magic Weapon Technique (E)] Skill has awakened into the [Apprentice Magic Weapon Technique (D)] Skill!]

[The [Beginner Magic Armor Technique (E)] Skill has awakened into the [Apprentice Magic Armor Technique (D)] Skill!]

Yep, these two became D-Rank Skills, and their effects simply were enhanced, so the descriptions were nothing too fancy like the Dhampir Skill.

Kireina is at my side, holding my hand.

"It is about to begin…" I said as she nodded.

"Let's survive together," she told me, her crimson eyes flashing with resolve.

"We will…" I said.

And then… the clock reached 6 AM, and a System window emerged in front of me and not only me but also my Summons.

Ding!

[The Ragnarök shall commence!]

[Initiating Dimensional Merge… please, sit tight!]

And then, the entire world changed.

I saw as a crack in the sky emerged, as if space itself was broken like glass.

FLASH!

And from within the flash, a downpour of what seemed to be immense quantities of rainbow-colored energies entered, covering the entire world with brilliance.

More cracks appeared everywhere, we began to see the wonders of what was occurring in front of us, but the perceptions we had about our surroundings couldn't completely fathom the spectacle before our eyes.

The sky began to fall into pieces, as a large area of the cracked space emerged and turned crimson-red. Enormous eyes glared at us with immense bloodthirst, as a creature so gargantuanly enormous appeared, stretching endless tentacles through the faraway landscape, breaking apart mountains and seeping its tentacles deep underground, beginning to suddenly drain something from the world.

CRACK… CRACK!

Suddenly, from the east, space began to fragment into pieces as a flash of what seemed to be sickly-green fog seeped into the ground, everything within that area turned into a strange and alien-like landscape a second after, trees grew eyes and tentacles and turned purple, and enormous ruins erected out of nowhere, leading to some unknown place.

CRASH!

From the west, the sky was pierced by what seemed to be an enormous golden spear, which fell over the ground and clashed with lightning everywhere, the entire earth shook, as the debris flew everywhere, my eyes couldn't move away from this spectacle.

From within the crack made by the spear, a radiant humanoid being emerged, through the light I was able to see a man with a path and a long golden beard, wearing ancient golden clothes and glaring at our world with greed, smiling maliciously.

BOOOM!

From above us, the world broke apart, a sudden wormhole emerged, leading to some faraway galaxy, and from within, an enormous group of highly advanced spaceships appeared, being enhanced with large forcefields made of what I believed was mana… or something else.

The spaceships ignored us as they went through the sky, seemingly targeting the big cities.

The enormous man wielding the golden spear suddenly called upon many more like him, all of these entities glowed with elemental, divine brilliance, wielding all types of legendary weapons as they flew through the skies, throwing attacks far away and then noticing the big cities kilometers from here, flashing there while ignoring our dim presence… these beings were higher than anything I have ever felt.

And to the south, the earth began to tremble, an enormous crater opened as lava flowed out freely, and then, demonic creatures of all shapes and sizes started to flow out of it, crawling through the entire landscape and beginning to hunt anything in their sight while some even killed and devoured each other.

Aside from them, a gigantic structure appeared, resembling a tower made entirely out of crimson metallic materials, it had a glowing red door with letters I couldn't understand.

The world kept changing until it became unrecognizable, Earth was not even Earth anymore…

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 46 - The Great One Seeks Fun


-----

An entity of unfathomable power and presence glanced at billions of translucent bubbles.

These bubbles shined with bright lights of all colors, even colors that humans would never be able to see.

Within these bubbles, there were near-endless clusters of ever-expanding universes, made of even more near-endless galaxies that kept expanding and disappearing through eons, which seemed like mere seconds to him.

His eyes were the void, and his will was the outer existence, the Great Above All Creation had decided that this cluster of billions of Bubbles, Dimensions, were unfavorable for his plans.

And so, due to it feeling the necessity to entertain itself through the endless and never-ending existence of its very entity, he decided to merge them temporarily through his all-powerful ability, forming an enormous, twisting bubble of clustered Dimensions.

It only took a millisecond to him, but such a task would take an unfathomable amount of time, which had started even before the creation of Earth itself.

The entity, within its infinity, decided to glance now, as the Dimensions clashed against each other in the greatest battle royale of all existence.

Flash.

At the side of the endless being of the outer void, a small entity, although big enough to be the same size as a dimension, emerged in front of him.

It resembled a small human-like woman with aquamarine eyes, long blonde hair, and feathered wings.

"Oh Great Above All Creation, the Ragnarök had begun. The Supreme System Tickets have been distributed, according to your will," it said.

"Good…" said the entity.

As the feathered woman decided to leave her master alone, she began to doubt for a bit, until she finally ended up saying what she had in mind.

"My lord, may I bother your infinite existence with a question from this lowly being?" she asked.

"Ask…" said the entity.

"Well… Why did you even create these tickets? Wouldn't it be more efficient to simply absorb these dimensions into your finite existence than do all of this elaborate event?" she asked.

However, to her question, the Great One Above All Creation laughed.

"You don't understand, don't you?" he asked.

"…I am sorry, but perhaps I cannot fathom the thoughts of my lord, on his great infinity…" she said.

"It is simple. I want entertainment," said the entity.

"…Entertainment?" she asked.

"You're rather young, so you don't understand how an existence such as me is. It is incredibly boring." Sighed the entity.

"You… You're bored?" wondered the woman. She couldn't really understand a being such as the Great Above All Creation could be bored if he was such a supreme existence.

"That's right. No matter how much I try, I am still bored. By making this event, I have completely shattered the fate that connected all beings in these dimensions, and I can no longer completely predict their future. Being expectant of what might happen brings entertainment, in simple terms. Although I could simply it to regain all my power over their fate, I decide not, so I can watch and be entertained," said the entity.

For such an entity like him… to have such simple, child-like thoughts was shocking!

But after the woman began to understand that this entity had achieved everything within its specter of existence around the unfathomable cluster of hyper-dimensional multi-dimensional clusters where he existed, it was normal to think that he would grow childish and perhaps get bored.

"It is the grace of our race to be able to watch as such spectacle, we thank the Great One Above All Creation," she said.

"Now leave, I desire entertainment, and your presence is not entertaining," said the entity, as the woman quickly left while feeling chills run through her spine.

The entity of near-infinite existence glanced at the enormous bubble he had created the fusions of all "failed dimensions" which presented problems that he found unsightly were now about to clash.

All living beings within them would be forced to fight to survive with each other, to crush each other and gain power from it, an endless cycle of war and bloodshed, of complete chaos.

But to him… it was merely like watching ants fighting below his feet, something that brought a child a momentary entertainment… which might or might not be forgotten in the future.

The bubbles fused as within Earth, Gustav was shaken by the world-changing before his eyes.

All dimensions began to merge, and many of them crashed right next to Earth, one of the many parallel worlds that were participating in this battle royale or dimensional apocalypse.

Any world that was filled with too many living beings such as Earth would become primary targets of the biggest groups of interdimensional beings.

When the Ragnarök began, everyone gained what was called Soul Records, where they were able to see their status and keep check of their power increasing, anything that people would kill would offer a reward, incentivizing even the weakest of beings to desire to rise to power.

The people all around Earth were shaken, they panicked, many thought that these system windows were merely some kind of façade or a trick, although some smiled, saying that they had been waiting for this time to finally come…

The earth, the air, and everything around shook, the spatial layers broke apart as dimensions from all around began to leak inside, energies from other worlds entered Earth, entities with enormous power began to roam and seek life to devour, and immense dungeons and other structures containing the root of all evil surged from the depths of the world's core.

Celestial beings emerged from another dimension, carrying radiant weapons, and seeking to destroy the life of this world to gain more power, they were set on making their dimension the ultimate winner.

An enormous outer deity opened a ripple into his dimension, extending its gigantic tentacle and beginning to drain the energy of the entire planet.

An ancient alien civilization from a neighbor dimension traveled here through the use of wormhole-creating technology.

Now that the dimensions fused, anyone with the power to control space was able to go anywhere!

Gustav swallowed his saliva as his eyes barely could hold any sanity after seeing this complete chaos…

"We will survive…" he thought, as he suddenly heard explosions around the house he was…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 47 - Monsters Everywhere!


.

.

.

The Ragnarök had finally started.

Everything changed so much before my eyes I could barely grasp ahold of the situation.

My entire body felt paralyzed as I saw everything unfold, it was as if chaos itself had come and engulfed this world in endless madness.

I had always been quite realistic for a fantasy writer, I never honestly believed in spirits or ghosts or other stupid crap, but after all of this and well, the last week… everything still feels surreal to an extent.

The entire world shook, the sky broke apart, celestial entities emerged and flew somewhere, another area of the sky broke as a stream of rainbow energy constantly flowed everywhere, and from another crack in space, an enormous, gargantuan entity made of red flesh extended tentacles, not to attack us but to drain something from the planet with them.

On another side, a sickly green mist covered the forest and made it into a mutated world where a gigantic temple was erected out of nowhere.

To my back, there was a gigantic crimson tower erecting from the depths of the underworld, as what I would only call demonic beings began to crawl their way to the surface.

And to the other side of the sky, a wormhole resembling the gates that appear when I go to the dungeons appeared, but it was immense enough to harbor hundreds of high-tech spaceships you would only see in Star Trek of Star Wars.

Most of these entities were being attracted by the large masses of people inside of the faraway cities, mostly ignoring our dim presence as we glanced with horror at their coming.

I was barely able to cope with everything thanks to my mental fortitude, the one I had forged through this last week, alongside the mental strength I acquired after becoming a Dhampir.

"Master!" asked Kireina, as I was brought back to reality, my senses quickly adjusted to my surroundings, for a moment I had thought I was simply watching a movie and my senses for some reason were dulled.

"Master, what should we do?" asked Ervas.

"I think some monsters might appear at any time…" said Vudia.

"My dear?" asked Kireina, as she grasped my hand.

I had to make a decision.

However, that decision was taken even before I could do it myself.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Suddenly, all around the house and the perimeter, the mines I had left before long ago began to explode, I used my senses to glare at their position and saw the blown-up corpses of grotesque creatures resembling purple-colored spiders made entirely out of slimy flesh.

Right after the explosions, I felt a constant rush of Experience Points!

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 24!]

[You gained Skill Points]

The rush of experience points and the exhilaration that the boost to my stats cause to my body made my mind clearer, and I quickly noticed as more of these creatures approached, some walked over the corpses of others while some exploded by the mines, showering me with more EXP.

I guess it was a good idea that we settled up those mines!

"Very well! I have decided it, we'll defend our stand here, let's kill as many spiders as we can, if we can keep leveling while we kill them, we should be able to gain a substantial amount of strength right away," I said.

"Alright! These beasts won't stand a chance~!" said Kireina, raising her spear.

"I will protect your backs," said Ervas, glaring at our back as he began to fire Telekinesis Bullets right away, hitting a Flesh Spider (as I shall call them) and splattering it all over the place.

It seems that these monsters are not particularly strong.

The Flesh Spiders are emerging from the Purple Forest where the sickly, green-colored mist is, alongside a large temple within it.

To the other side, several kilometers away there was an army of demonic fiends crawling into the surface, but most moved elsewhere, but there was a chance that some of them would try to approach us.

The other areas seemed to be "safe" although I wouldn't want to approach the giant tentacles nor the strange flowing rainbow-colored energy river.

There is also the group of celestial entities that resemble humans in all sorts of golden and colorful costumes, they are completely ignoring us.

The spaceships are also going to the big cities, ignoring us as well… It was a good decision I left that place in time.

So, the targets to defeat are the Flesh Spiders at the moment, with a side dish of demons afterward.

After we survive this army of monsters and manage to power up a bit, we'll most likely rush to either the crimson tower or below the Celestials (as I shall call them) are coming from…

And both are dangerous.

I didn't consider the green mist forest because it might be toxic, and I might die from that.

Ervas decided to use the Telekinesis Ability of Flight on all of us, giving us the ability to float in midair by consuming Mana (mine).

Through these last days we had already practiced flying and floating in midair before, so there was no problem with our sense of direction.

But before I could begin using anything I had at my disposal, several System windows popped out of thin air.

[Soul Records] have been created]

[Soul Records] have merged with your [System]

[System] and [Status] have been upgraded!]

Soul… Records?

[Soul Records: After the Ragnarök had begun, every living being possess the ability to see their record of their soul, which showcases itself through Stats, Abilities, and more!]

[Additionally, you can check your Status and see your Existence Rank, which will come in handy to compare yourself with other beings]

[You learned the [Appraisal (-)] Skill!]

[Use Appraisal to check other living beings Existence Ranks to compare your strength with them]

Oh?

So I guess everyone got something of a System, but Players get super Systems that are like the unique ones from Novels… I got my Summon and Tamer stuff, but most likely not everyone else can do it.

And most likely all other Players have such special law-breaking features that go way above just Abilities and Skills appearing inside the Soul Records… Interesting.

Ding!

[Good work at using the Daily Dungeons!]

[Now, they had been sealed and you cannot access them for free]

[You require special Daily Dungeon Tickets to enter them thrice a day!]

[Good luck and use that head-start for your benefit!]

Good luck my ass!

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 48 - Existence Ranks


.

.

.

When I checked the System Windows, a lot of news happened.

It seems that everyone got something like a basic (very) system knockoff named Soul Records, and only Players such as me and a few others were given these quirky supreme systems with super broken abilities.

And… there's even more, Existence Ranks are a thing, and they seem to be the best way to determine your current level of power compared to other beings.

My System shows that I am… D-Rank.

D-Rank Existence.

Huh… I guess I am not an F-Rank, better than nothing. I suppose all of that week of training brought me to D-Rank, not bad at all, to be honest.

The System quickly shows up more windows, and it reads my mind because it shows up just what I was wondering, how many god damn ranks are there…

[Existence Ranks: These are the Ranks that determine your current level of power, which is the combination of all your attributes, and even the power and proficiency of Skills or Soul-bound weapons]

[The Existence Ranks are as follows…]

[F-Rank: Almost an Average Mortal who had recently awakened some Mana]

[E-Rank: Someone who has become quite good in the use of Mana, and can do at least a few spells or use Skills]

[D-Rank: An individual that has managed to sharpen their skills, mana, and more. Can be considered to be "strong" to an extent]

[C-Rank: Those that surpass someone above the average and begin to step into the superhuman level]

[B-Rank: A superhuman with great capabilities, powerful magic, and more, it can be qualified as a threat]

[A-Rank: A superhuman developing his super abilities to even greater heights while comprehending the depth within everything]

[S-Rank: The first step to reaching the pinnacle of the mortal hood, strong enough to fight against giant beings and possessing great amounts of mana]

[SS-Rank: The second step to reach the pinnacle of the mortal hood, stronger than S-Rank, capable of doing many super extraordinary things]

[SSS-Rank: The third step to reach the pinnacle of the mortal hood, you are midway through it, and some power above a normal mortal has begun to leak within your body, you must develop this supernatural essence to surpass your limits and reach the fourth step…]

[After reaching SSS-Rank, the next road to surpass your limits shall be revealed]

I see, well this clears things up a bit more, and it is nice that they show some examples… So I have to reach SSS-Rank and see what's next after that? Huh…

This Rank System is pretty cliché, let me tell you that… But alright, I can kind of understand the depth of this a bit more.

There was no more time to think about these things, as more explosions began to resonate around us, most of the mines I had already previously settled up were being triggered by the Flesh Spiders.

I saw as Kireina and Anna were fighting down below, the two were using their weapons to slash through the tender bodies of these strange spiders, they were doing spectacular work. Kireina's spear was able to pierce through the flesh of the spiders and slice them into pieces, often ending them at two piercing attacks.

Meanwhile, Anna was slower, as she charged her ax with electricity and then gave single sweeps to anything around her, each sweep of her axe unleashed a wave of electricity, grilling alive any of the spider-like creatures that approached her.

Ervas was shooting Telekinesis Bullets at the beasts from afar, taking them down with two or three bullets, while also controlling the trees to shape themselves into obstacles, stopping the spiders from reaching the house too fast.

Vudia controlled her two Gold Golems, which carried great strength and endurance, while also having a lot of flexibility. They expanded their arms like noodles and shaped their hands as hammers, crushing the spiders that came near them into pulps.

I literally could simply sit here and enjoy the constant gain of EXP and Skill Points, but I decided to enter the battle as well and practice my magic as much as possible.

Simply relying on the strength of everyone won't do, I might be a summoner, but now I have changed classes to a Magic Knight, and before that, a Sorcerer.

If I want to reach higher Ranks of Existence, I can't simply sit here and wait for the EXP to come, I have to practice my powers, crush my enemy on my own and also grow through experiences!

However, I decided to practice my long-ranged attacks, the ones that charge into my weapon, in specific!

I summoned three spheres of transparent mana out of thin air, firing them at a nearby Spider that surged from the bushes, trying to jump through the window of the house!

Flash! Flash! Flash!

The three spheres of transparent mana reached the spider-shaped beast, crushing it with three powerful explosions!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

CRASH!

Ah, the windows broke…

Well, who cares? The beast was killed, and I gained more EXP out of it.

I also saw that it dropped a strange spherical jewel, which I flew down below to grab and inspect, while I conjured Fireball and Gust to the three other purple-colored flesh spiders that ran towards me, grilling them alive as they screeched in agony.

"Grryyyyhhh…!"

"Grrysha…"

As I saw them die, I glanced at the item…

…

[Soul Sphere of Dexterity (E)]

A Soul Sphere formed by the crystallization of the soul of a being you have slain, it contains its dexterous soul.

If consumed, you can gain between 10-50 Dexterity.

…

Oh? These ones! So the monsters drop this crap as well.

Additionally, I found that the ones I called dropped gold coins, which I simply glanced at and were immediately added into my Status.

They didn't drop these Spheres, so I suppose they are not too common, but I simply have to kill more, and this army seems near endless!

"GGRRYARR!"

As I was grabbing the items, five more spiders rushed towards me, and two of them suddenly fire some kind of acid from their monstrous maws!

SPLASH!

I am suddenly showed by the acid, but my clothes and my skin resist it thanks to the enhancement of the Magic Armor that the Magic Knight has given to me.

However, I still saw some of my HP run low, and the spiders run towards me!

I try to conjure magic, but then I realize I got something way better to stop their track.

If I am D-Rank and these things E-Rank… Then it should work.

Vampiric Eye of Paralysis!

FLASH!

A spark of lightning suddenly flashes from my eyes, as the spiders were all within my vision, and suddenly are impacted by this electrifying shock!

All of them fall as if they had become completely stiff, they couldn't even move!

However, this curse doesn't last long, so I quickly conjure three Mana Bullet Blasts, Fireball, and Gust, and demolish them into the ground, splattering their purple and oozy blood all over, alongside their flesh!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 25!]

[You gained Skill Points]

Ah, Level 25 already!

And the moment I level up, I see as the corpses drop once more some Gold, and another Sphere, this time, it is red-colored, a Sphere of Strength!

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 49 - Spiders Everywhere! Grind Like There's No Tomorrow!


.

.

.

I grabbed the Sphere of Strength, and just like the one of Dexterity, I decided to save them inside my Inventory, as the heat of the battle was way too intense to consume them now.

Especially because just a second after fighting the spider, another group of four of them ran towards me from all directions!

I quickly enhanced my body with Mana, while using the Enhancement of Wind and Fire from my equipment to enhance my strength and dexterity by a small percentage, similar to touching a Totem, and then ran near my house, putting the walls of the house before mine so I couldn't get any sneak attack from behind!

And then…

Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis!

The Spiders were right about leaping over me, but my eyes flashed with bright crimson-red colors as the wave of electricity hit them!

One of them managed to evade in time though, and used a boost on speed by infusing mana into its body, reaching my left leg, and biting it!

The sharp fangs were painful, but I quickly crushed the spider's head with the tip of my cane, and then firing Fireball over the wound, inflating the flesh spider, and making it explode!

BOOM!

I glanced at my wound as I saw purple liquid dripping from it, a sudden feeling of numbness took over me, but then, the poison was gone, Ervas covered me from above, as he had used the Life Spell Antidote over me. My Health loss was also back up, as he threw a small healing spell as well before resuming his own attacks.

I glanced at the spiders I had paralyzed, as they were slowly moving again, but I quickly tried to use Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis once more!

Spark!

The spark of electricity hit the spiders again, paralyzing them!

However, two of them were not affected anymore, it seems that the more I use the Skill in a single target, the more its effects become lowered.

Nonetheless, I fire two fireballs at the two that were slowly walking towards me, while pointing my hand at the ones still paralyzed in the ground, and generate three spheres of pure mana.

Mana Bullet Blast!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The paralyzed spiders can't evade, and are torn apart by the explosions, while I quickly evade another sneaky bite from the surviving spider that managed to live the first two fireballs I fired!

I glance at it while gritting my teeth, cold sweat was already showering my body as my breath became heavy, this creature's aura was different!

Unlike the other monsters which I inspected to be E-Rank, this one was…

[Demonic Poisonous Spider Leader (E-Rank+)]

E-Rank+?

I suppose there are middle ranks in between ranks? The System didn't say anything over this.

Nonetheless, this guy clearly is stronger than the others, its external purple flesh seems harder, and its glowing crimson eyes are glowing brighter. It is about two times bigger than the others as well, and it has a small red horn atop its body.

"GRYAR!"

It roars at me, as it opened its jaws and fired a large amount of viscous poison!

I evade in time as I point my hands and cane at it!

Fireball! Consecutive Mana Bullet Blast!

Casting Fireball and Consecutive Mana Bullet Blast, I blast away the beast a few meters away, the fire seems to burn through its thick skin but doesn't do much, and the explosive bullets managed to get some wounds done, but the thing is resilient.

The monster step down a few centimeters, and I decide to blast it once more with attacks, I can't let it get any hit on me!

A fireball comes out accompanied by a gust of wind, fusing together into what seemed like a small spiral of flames rushing towards it!

As it took some big hits before, it is lethargic, and ends up tripping over the roots Ervas left beforehand!

FLASH!

The spiral of flames catches it in time, as the beast is roasted alive!

I keep firing fireballs, until the monster stops screeching and simply falls over the ground, motionless.

Suddenly, items appear out of thin air as if magically, and I quickly run towards them and grab them, putting them inside my Inventory and flying over the house again.

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 26!]

[You gained Skill Points]

Killing that thing gave me enough EXP for level 26! That was quite good.

I rest for a bit above the rooftop as I take out the Soul Spheres got and consume them.

By consuming I mean using them, they turn into sparkles of light, and sloooowly reach my body and enhance it.

Ding!

[You gained +20 Dexterity, +40 Strength, +60 Mana, and +30 Magic]

So aside from leveling up you can speed up your progress even more by consuming these things in mass… I suppose the Great One Above All of Creation really wants us all to grow quickly and beat the crap out of one another…

Could it be that he is incentivizing growth so everywhere you go there is a way to grow stronger? Yeah, filled with dangers.

Well, if this bastard is watching me now I hope I am giving you nice entertainment, asshole, I am one day going to go up there and beat the shit out of you.

Maybe that sounded way too cringy, but that's how I feel…

Anyways, having this done, I quickly fly down below again while inspecting what everyone is doing.

Kireina and Anna kept looking over the frontlines, slashing and crushing anything they find, while Ervas fires attacks from above and heals anyone that needs it.

After that, Vudia controls her golems and occasionally shoots thunderbolts at enemies.

The wave of spiders seems endless, but we are working so well it seems as if we were playing a tower defense game.

I decide to create several jewels of fire and wind and throw them around like bombs while flying over the monsters, each jewel, when they crack in the ground, explode, blowing up the spiders into pieces all over the place.

More and more EXP rushes into my very being, and I can't help but begin to grow addicted to this sensation… dozens of spiders die at once as I keep throwing these bombs and also fireballs, bullet blasts, and gusts.

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 27!]

[You gained Skill Points]

After a few minutes, Level 27 already!

I glance around me as I see that Anna and Vudia have already reached Level cap, so I quickly spend some gold on them and let them keep leveling.

[You exchanged 20.000 Gold!]

Well, I am getting thousands of it now, so it doesn't hurt much!

And even more, as I kept hitting these bugs, some eventually began to drop Hero Feathers too!

Hero Feathers are also a useful resource, but I don't know why I am getting them, I guess I generate different drops than other normal folk based in my system?

Anyways, after I fly over and begin to conjure more fireballs, most of the trees are already burnt to a crisp and the area around the house becomes a flat wasteland.

I hear the screeches of something bigger, as a large spider leader approaches me and suddenly leaps towards me!

I quickly evade, and ready myself for battle as I see several Leaders behind it!

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 50 - A Giant Spider Appears!


.

.

.

If it weren't because of Danger Perception, I wouldn't be able to evade attacks as swiftly.

I know that I could be able to heal myself and also be healed by Ervas and my Dhampir Skill natural regeneration, but even then, the pain would be annoying, and if I am damaged and become lethargic, there is a chance for the enemy to attack once more.

My small group is spread all around, and although I know I can rely on them, I also want to forge my own strength and instincts, fighting by myself and seeking to break my limits is the good way to do it.

Nonetheless, this group of Spider Leaders is all E-Rank+, so Kireina comes to my assistance, while the rest is spread around the house slaying them.

Cuco also rushes towards me. After having evolved and become strong, he had become a natural leader of the other monsters, the golden snake, and the evolved queen bee… Well, if they become too many a good friend I would feel bad by fusing them…

"Master, these are stronger than the ones before, it seems that the place where they're coming in that temple in the middle of the purple forest covered in the green mist…" said Kireina.

"I can see that, let's massacre them together," I said.

"Very well, my love!" said Kireina, boldly calling me "my love" which only made me skip a beat.

"Meow!" roared Cuco, as it flew towards me using the Flight Spell that Ervas gave to all of us.

With the three of us floating in the air, we began a barrage of attacks over the army of Purple-colored Flesh Spider Leaders!

The creatures tried to constantly jump towards us, but they couldn't fly, so we held the high ground quite literally.

We simply evaded or flew higher when needed, as we conjured long-ranged attacks.

They were simply bags of EXP and treasures waiting for us to splattered them all over the place!

I conjured three spheres of transparent mana, alongside fireball and gust, and threw them in all directions!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The bullets of explosive transparent mana blew away the limbs of one of the Spiders, while the fireball and the gust formed a spiraling gust of blazing winds, roasting it alive!

At the same time, I unleashed the power of my Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis, paralyzing foes for Kireina and Cuco to quickly slay!

"Hah! Chaotic Slash!"

Kireina unleashed a technique she had created, which needed her to say the name out loud as a form of catalyst. After conjuring the name, mana from me was spent and her spear would envelop itself into chaotic darkness, which she used to pierce through three Spider Leaders at the same time, slashing them into halves in a split of a second!

SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!

My wife is quite overpowered.

"ROAR!"

Cuco on the other hand-coated himself with shadows and jumped into the ground, teleporting around using the shadows of the trees and catching the legs of the spiders, slashing them with his poisonous legs or bitting them with the snake-headed tail he had!

Several spiders which I had previously paralyzed were torn apart by his surprise attacks, surprising me over how fast he had learned how to fight with his Skills efficiently.

Meanwhile, Kireina flew up to me again and transformed her blood into blades, firing them!

Slash! SLASH! SLASH!

The blades pierced a spider, although it seemed to be still alive! But not for too long!

I quickly conjured a Fireball, which landed over it with a strong explosion, grilling it alive!

"Phew… Using that technique takes a toll on my mind," sighed Kireina, as she rested her hand over my shoulders while conjuring more blood blades.

"Don't overexert yourself," I said, as I kept firing fireballs and gusts of wind.

"Don't worry, I have to work hard for my husband~!" said Kireina, kissing my cheeks and quickly flying down below once more, raising her black and chaotic sphere as she started to pierce through the spiders one by one, while dancing with blood blades floating around her and being fired consecutively, she was a maiden of war.

With such a woman at my side, I couldn't possibly slack off either, I began to concentrate mana all around my body and coated my equipment and weapons with it!

FLASH!

I flew with immense speed down below, firing spiraling gusts of blazing winds around me alongside constant bullets of transparent mana, blasting away the endless army of spiders!

"GGRYYARR!"

A large Spider rushed to my back, and thanks to Danger Perception, I detected it in time, coating my cane with flames while using the Fire Enhancement Skill and Wind Enhancement Skill on my equipment to enhance my strength and speed once more, and hitting the spider's head with all the might of my muscles!

BOOM!

With a loud boom, an explosion of flames, and my furious might blasted the spider's head ad eyes into pieces, dropping its corpse right next to me as the hit I unleashed released waves of flames, beginning to engulf the surrounding spiders with flames as well!

A wicked smile emerged within my lips as I combined Fireball with Gust once more, generating constant spiraling flame attacks everywhere, expanding my flames more and more!

Burn! All of you shall burn!

The constant screeches of the agony of the alien creatures around me resonated everywhere, making my heart constantly beat faster and faster, my entire body was sweating continuously but I was enjoying this sensation of battle, of exhilaration!

It was something like never before, I can't imagine myself caged in a room like I used to be ever again!

I continued to attack and to not let any of the flaming creatures approach me, as Kireina and Cuco took down the weakened ones with the flames I unleashed, while my bullets of transparent mana destroyed those that were resilient enough to run towards my direction again.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

We continued to fight for more and more, the army seemed endless! Endless EXP, endless loot!

…Well, until something bigger emerged.

"GGRRYYYYSSHAAA!"

An enormous spider, of over five meters, began to rush towards us!

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 51 - A Treasure Chest?!


.

.

.

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 28!]

[You gained Skill Points]

Just after leveling to Level 28 and recovering all my Mana anew, a gigantic spider emerged from within the burnt trees, rushing from within the temple far away, its footsteps were like tremors!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

"GGGRRYYYSSSHAAAAAAA…!!!"

This spider looked way more like a crab than a spider, unlike its little siblings, it had all of its purple flesh covered by a chitinous carapace of purple colors, exuding a metallic and shiny luster!

It even had two large pincers, eight crimson eyes, a gigantic jaw filled with fangs, and its entire body was covered in spikes!

"A Boss?!" asked Kireina in shock, as the other spiders were already beginning to lower in numbers, and we were slaying the last ones with her, Cuco, and everyone else spread around the house.

"Hmmm… That Carapace could be a nice material to upgrade my weapon and equipment. Alright, let's kill it! Everyone, regroup!" I said, as everyone immediately obeyed me, flying towards my side after having made sure that the other smaller spiders within their area were slain!

"Finally a bit of a challenge…" said Ervas.

"Alright then, let's wreck it!" said Anna, raising her thundering axe.

"I brought my golems, papa!" said Vudia, as her golems landed right next to her after coming flying through the air thanks to Ervas [Flight].

The Golden Viper and the Queen Bee also rushed at our side, as we flew over the air and immediately began to attack this creature!

…

[Poisonous Armored Flesh Spider Queen: Existence Rank: D-Grade]

The Queen of the Poisonous Flesh Spiders, known to have a strong, near-impenetrable carapace, and powerful claws and jaws that can tear apart anyone below D-Grade while dealing great damage to anything within D-Grade. A beast originating from Another Dimension, within a world named Glarakh, where many types of grotesque beasts roam the planet.

…

And it's D-Grade! Well, I am also D-Grade, so this is pretty fitting… And it even got some info about another world and other things, which opens up for the lore of the creature.

Very interesting…

No, wait, we are in the middle of a battle!

"GRRRYYYAARR!"

The gigantic Spider Queen roars, as we fly behind it and rain it with long-ranged attacks.

Kireina fired her Blood Blades, slowly beginning to crack the carapace of the beast as tender flesh below emerges.

Ervas quickly unleashed a barrage of Telekinesis Bullets while controlling the Trees all around us, making the Boss have a hard time walking around and changing direction towards us.

Anna used her axe infused with thunder to crush one of the Boss' front legs, making it crack into pieces.

Vudia used her two gold golems to fight, although they were squashed pretty easily because gold is not really a resistant metal… But she simply fused them, added her own gold into the mix, and made a snake golem, entangling another of the legs of the beast, while releasing thunderbolts at it from above.

Meanwhile, Cuco led the two other monsters, who rained the beast from afar with small, long-ranged attacks, while occasionally biting its weakened legs or the ones where flesh was exposed.

Meanwhile, I opened wounds for everyone else to slash and tear apart the flesh, using the explosive mana bullets to crack the shell and then using fireball and gust to burn the flesh below, making the shell become frail.

The monster, however, was resilient, and it began to spray poison all around while rolling through the ground!

SPLASH!

I told Ervas to generate barriers of Telekinesis, which he swiftly did, protecting most of us from the corrosive poison, while Kireina unleashed her Nyarlathotep Skill, suddenly expanding her body all around and becoming a mass of fleshy, red-colored tentacles with many jaws and eyes spread across her body.

She did this so the Boss was to stop running around annoyingly, catching it around with her mass of flesh and entangling its legs!

"GRRRYSSHA!"

The beast roared, using its pincers to defend itself from Kireina, beginning to pierce her body with them, but she was able to quickly regenerate.

"How about you stay quiet for a while?!" roared Kireina, using her tentacles and coating them in sharp bones, piercing through the scales of the beast, as it groaned in agony!

Everyone else kept attacking, as I flew down below, coating myself in my Magic Armor as fire and winds began to exude from my equipment like a magical aura!

CLASH!

Using my cane, I coated it with magic and began to pierce through the open wounds Kireina left for me, fiercely penetrating all of its flesh as blood sprayed all over me!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"GGRRYSSHAA…!"

The monster roared angrily, as its pincers almost reached me, but Kireina managed to entangle them and stopped it!

"God on, Master! Annihilate it!" roared Kireina, as I smiled devilishly at her words, piercing the flesh and wounds of the beast with my cane with great strength, and then piercing it deep into a wound!

And as the cane was inside the flesh of the beast, I conjured Fireball and Gust several times, infusing all of the spells inside of the beast!

Fire and winds began to accumulate inside of the creature's body, making it inflate like a balloon!

"GGRRRYYSHAAAAA…!"

We quickly flew away with Kireina and saw the beast explode into pieces, splattering flesh and blood all over the place!

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

Ding!

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 29!]

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 30!]

[You gained Skill Points]

The Boss was left completely destroyed, and a rush of EXP reached me and everyone else, I reached a max level just after a few hours of the Ragnarök starting, this was clearly insane.

"Whew, it's done! Ah, Master, can I eat some?" asked Kireina.

"Go on, but leave the carapace if possible," I said.

"Alright~!" said Kireina, jumping into the corpse still in her monstrous mass of flesh form, eating the flesh of the creature. Isn't she adorable as her endless flesh gibbers and her monstrous jaws devour anything gluttonously? She was made for me.

She noticed as I saw her eat, and she blushed a bit, I could notice it in her dozens of crimson eyes.

"Master, it seems that everything is mostly peaceful now… The demons have ignored us," said Ervas.

"I see…"

I glance around my surroundings, most of the area around the house was made into a complete flat wasteland…

The army of spiders stopped, and it seems that things are fairly tranquil.

But the temple ahead of us seems to glow mysteriously… if these monsters came from there, maybe we could find even more… It wouldn't be a bad idea to explore it a bit.

Due to all the explosions and shockwaves, most of the sickly, green-colored mist disappeared as well, so we can freely adventure into that purple-colored mutagenic forest and then get to the temple… But maybe we should rest for now.

Let's use this little window of peace to assess our gains, there is a lot of loot I got, and before the corpse of the Boss, a large treasure chest had popped out of thin air, glowing with black, purple, and crimson-red colors… What could it harbor?

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 52 - Great Rewards! Changing Jobs!


.

.

.

"Burp, I am done~ Tehee~ Master, here is your pile of carapace!" said Kireina, as she had devoured all the meat of the giant spider and showed me the entire carapaces piled up.

She was still in her gibbering flesh form and began to monitor the place in such big form, cleaning the perimeter while trying to find any surviving monster, as I told her I wanted to tame one.

Meanwhile, I watched over the large and shiny chest in front of me, while checking it with my Appraisal.

[Poisonous Armored Flesh Spider Queen Treasure Chest (D-Grade+++)]

A Treasure Chest dropped by a strong monster, contains a variety of powerful items rewarding the mighty being capable of defeating such a strong beast with treasures unknown that will boost its strength to new levels.

…

And nothing more than that… I guess I have to simply open it.

I touched the treasure chest as it suddenly opened automatically.

Flash!

As it opened, a flash of bright light startled me, as I saw an enormous pile of gold coins inside.

And resting above the sea of precious gold coins, there were four different items!

There was a large black ingot that shined brightly with a dark hue, it seemed to exude an aura of darkness that generated a small pressure around it… was this thing alive or something?

After that there was a full set of clothes, resembling a purple and black coat with a hoodie, pants, and everything, it was all decorated with some kind of gothic style of decorations and had spiders and spiderwebs as decorations too.

A small glistening ring gleaming with dark colors and a crimson-red aura, which had a small ruby-like jewel on top of it.

And lastly, a gold pendant with decoration resembling a… $ sign? It was made entirely out of gold.

Wait, this resembles the pendants that rappers wear or something… it is just made entirely out of gold.

I inspected each item in detail.

[Black Onyx Hades Ingot (D-Grade+++)]: An Ingot made from extracting Onyx from the depths of the underworld, containing the essence of darkness, death, and Hades himself by a small amount. One of the unique and rare items that can be dropped between the first 24 hours of the Ragnarök.

[Black Poisonous Spider Warlock Set (D-Grade+++)]: A Full Set of equipment that only the most malicious of Warlocks would wear, enhancing their power and giving the ability to enhance their bodies with dark magic, powering up not only their magic but their defenses. One of the unique and rare items that can be dropped between the first 24 hours of the Ragnarök.

[Black Poisonous Spider Ring of Insanity (D-Grade+++)]: A Ring that harbors the soul of the malicious Poisonous Armored Flesh Spider Queen, enhancing your stats and giving you the ability to unleash dark and poison magic, while creating a ward effect that protects you against weak attacks. One of the unique and rare items that can be dropped between the first 24 hours of the Ragnarök.

[Fortunate Pendant of Endless Loot (D-Grade+++)]: A special pendant that can be equipped to enhance the chance for dropped items and gold to appear after slaying a monster. One of the Unique and rare Items that can be dropped between the first 24 hours of the Ragnarök.

Wait… So if you're strong enough to beat monsters this strong in the first 24 hours you get amazing loot?!

Okay then, time to grind like there's no tomorrow.

Just by glaring at these powerful items the urge to equip them surged inside of my mind, but Anna quickly calmed me down.

"Oh, these are some amazing Items, Master… I think I could fuse them, if we apply the same logic as enhancement using items as materials, it should be possible to fuse them with your already existing equipment to make an even better one than the one you're currently looking at," said Anna with a gentle smile.

"Is that true?" I asked.

"Yeah! I think it should be possible," said Anna while rubbing her chin and grabbing the items, inspecting them in detail.

So it is possible to do such a broken thing as fusing equipment? I guess I have been blessed to have Anna at my side!

"Very well then, Anna, let's go do that, and then we'll continue right towards the purple forest," I said.

"Very well Master," said Anna, as she carried the whole treasure chest with her muscular arms, her beautiful ad chocolate-skinned body was sweating, making her beautiful and muscular body all glossy, she also exuded quite the alluring scent.

As we moved back home for a quick break, Vudia and Ervas picked up all the items left and gold, and gave it to me, Kireina also came back quickly after and began to cook something to eat.

As Anna fused the equipment, I decided to change Jobs now that I reached Level 30!

[Available Job Options]

[Paladin]

[Warrior]

[Black Knight]

Oh? No magic-related class?

Wait…

As I inspect the three classes, I find out that Paladin and Black knight are indeed magic-related, they're hybrids, of course.

However, Black Knight seemed way better than Paladin, as it focused more offensively than Paladin which distributed its abilities into being supportive, but as I already have Ervas, I don't need to be supportive, I have to choose a greedy and selfish Job!

Ding!

[Do you wish to exchange 20.000 Gold, and 2.000 Hero Feathers to change Jobs into [Black Knight]?]

"Of course."

Ding!

[You exchanged 20.000 Gold and 2.000 Hero Feathers]

[You changed Jobs to [Black Knight]!]

FLASH!

The moment I changed Jobs, my entire body was shrouded in darkness, as it fused with my entire body and soul, enhancing my capabilities to a completely new level!

However, it was but a fraction of time and I quickly came back to normal, but now with even higher stats and new skills to boot!

Ding!

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Sanguine Sword (C)] and [Unholy Sacrifice (C)] Skills!]

Oho? These Skills look interesting…

Ding!

[The [Young Sorcerer (D)], [Consecutive Mana Bullet Blast (D)], [Fire Jewel (D)], [Wind Jewel (D)], [Apprentice Magic Weapon Technique (D)], and [Apprentice Beginner Magic Armor Technique (D)] Skills have awakened into the [Experienced Sorcerer (C)], [Continuous Mana Bullet Blast (C)], [Blazing Wind Jewel (C)], and [Black Knight's Magic Weapon and Armor Technique (C)] Skills!]

As I was about to check my new Skills, I am greeted with yet another pleasant surprise, the Skills I used a lot in the battle all awakened into C-Rank Skills! And the Jewel Skills fused together into Blazing Wind Jewel, while the Magic Knight ones fused into Black Knight-themed ones… Fitting.

All of them were upgrades of them, Experienced Sorcerer gave me a greater magic insight, Continuous Mana Bullet let me fire up to 10 Mana Bullets at the same time, Blazing Wind Jewel was a jewel that fused both fire and wind and had amazing explosive effects, and the Black Knight's Techniques were an even better version of their previous versions, while also making the magic that shroud my body and weapon look black as if I were coating myself in darkness.

With this power, I have already long ago crossed the Realm of D-Rank, I am most likely C-Rank now, if not higher!

I guess I am going to speed run this whole apocalypse!

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 53 - Amazing New Skills! Equipment Upgrade Once More!


.

.

.

[Sanguine Sword (C)]

Unleash the fury of the vengeful Black Knight, coating your weapon with your innermost darkness and your furious and wrathful boiling blood, spending Vitality to enhance your weapon and shape it as a large black blade that deals large amounts of damage to anything it touches, up to a 50% damage increase, while also draining 50% of damage dealt.

[Unholy Sacrifice (C)]

Harness the darkness within your heart and unleash an Unholy Sacrifice, sacrificing 30% of your total Vitality to enhance your Strength and Magic by 30% for five minutes. In this form, any attack you deal with will drain the vitality of your enemy, and you are blinded by berserk-like fury.

…

Well, those descriptions are pretty amazing… quite edgy, but I will let it slide because they're pretty fitting of a Black Knight. With these Skills and Ervas constantly healing me behind… wouldn't I be able to spam this all the time? That's quite insane...

After checking these Skills, I was already eager to use them in battle, the exhilaration that it brought to me to fight so many enemies and see as I gained loot, leveled up, and progressed made me almost addicted to it…

I know I have to calm myself, but this was quite an eye-opening experience.

But for now, I should really check my Status Panel.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: 47]

[Gold: 63.198]

[Hero Feathers: 16.834]

[Hero Fragments: 200]

[Job: [Black Knight]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight]

[Skill Points: 19.527]

[Existence Rank: C-Rank++]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [30/40]

[Vitality: [3100/3100] [Growth Per Level: 450]

[Mana: [16000/16000] [Growth Per Level: 1600]

[Strength: [2200] [Growth Per Level: 350]

[Magic: [7000] [Growth Per Level: 800]

[Dexterity: [2300] [Growth Per Level 250]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Experienced Sorcerer (C)], [Continuous Mana Bullet Blast (C)], [Blazing Wind Jewel (C)], [Black Knight's Magic Weapon and Armor Technique (C)], [Danger Perception (C)], [Dhampir (C)], [Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (D)], [Curse Caster (D)], [Sanguine Sword (C)], [Unholy Sacrifice (C)]

…

A smile emerged on my lips as I saw my progress, my Stats had once more increased exponentially, each level had its own growth and amount of stats it would distribute, and now it appeared in each Attribute, it seems that when I acquired Appraisal things became more detailed and not only outside but the System itself did so as well.

Every time I change Jobs, my stat growths per level increase, and now I can finally see them in detail, which will be of great insight in the future.

And as of Stats, they're pretty amazing, my Mana has reached 16000 after the Job change, which is just crazy, and my magic is 7000! It seems that using it with the magic knight skills is the best way to combine both my strength and magic in battle.

And just as I thought, I am already C-Rank! And not plain C-Rank, but C-Rank++!

I suppose there are these "+" which might mean intermediate stages in between each Rank? It seems that it can only go up to three "+", so is suppose I just need one more and then I can become B-Rank already, sweet.

After all of that, I had also absorbed the Soul Spheres that we found, so my stats increasing so much was thanks to those little items.

As I was resting over the couch while seeing Kireina cook what seemed to be fried chicken in the Japanese style named Karaage, Anna came rushing towards me, bringing me my new set of upgraded and fused equipment, I already saw how it used up a lot of gold, but I had to spare, and she also used the one in the treasure chest, so that seemed to be enough!

"Master, I am done! I did the best I could," said Anna with a reassuring nod, as she put the equipment over the table one by one.

"Amazing work, Anna. Thanks a lot," I said.

I glanced at the items one by one, they were amazing, and they were just as she said, they fused the effects of the items they were made up of.

[Cursed Spectral Staff of Phantom Flames and Cold Winds (C-Grade+++)]

[Durability: 2000/2000]

[Attack Power: 1500]

[Magic Conductivity: 2700]

[Weapon Speed: 1400]

[Traits: [Cursed Weapon (C)], [Evolving Weapon (C)], [Automatic Repair (C)], [Slaughter Healing (C)], [Mana Conductivity (C)], [Evil-Slaying Smash (C)], [Phantasmal Fireball (C)], [Dark Winds (C)], [Spectral Touch (C)] (New!)

My Cane had "evolved" into a long and slim staff, although the tip of it had a sharp black jewel, which seemed to be the fire and wind jewels that merged into the evolution alongside the essence of the Black Onyx Ingot, giving the fire and wind they produced new properties.

The fireballs are now phantom fireballs, and are blue-colored, being able to burn through things even more easily, and having greater explosive power. Meanwhile, the green winds became Dark Winds, having black colors and possessing a stronger force.

[Malicious Dark Warlock of Shadows Set (C-Grade+++)]

[Durability: 4000/4000]

[Physical Defense: 2500]

[Magical Defense: 3500]

[Traits: [Cursed Equipment (C)], [Evolving Equipment (C)], [Automatic Repair (C)], [Greater Status Effect Resistance (C)], [Mana Conductivity (C)], [Dark Fire enhancement (C)], [Icy Winds Enhancement (C)], [Shadow Ward (C)] (New!)

The equipment set I always wear had also "evolved", getting some way better and long design, with black decorations resembling skulls, and even shoulder pads made of black metal. A dark design, but it goes well with the Staff.

Similar to the staff, Anna fused this with the other warlock equipment I got, making this amazing equipment up, it has all of its previous skills enhanced, and the enhancements it gives also changed, becoming dark-themed, while also having greater effects.

[Crimson-Hearted Ring of Fortuitous Malice (C-Grade+++)]

[Durability: 1200/1200]

[Magic Conductivity: 2200]

[Bonus Dexterity: 1100]

[Traits: [Evolving Accessory (C)], [Automatic Repair (C)], [Ice Fairy Blessing (C)], [Super Magic Conductivity (C)] (New!), [Venom Secretion (C)] (New!), [Shadow Bullet (C)] (New!), [Fortune (C)] (New!)

And then there's the beautiful dark-purple-colored ring in front of me, which was made by fusing the ice heart ring, the spider ring, and the fortune pendant all into a single accessory of amazing capabilities, overall, it is amazing work.

I can now secret venom from it (which I am immune to), fire shadow bullets, and it also comes with the Fortune Trait, which was the one enhancing item drop.

With such amazing prizes in front of me, I decided to quickly equip everything through the System, which made the items disappear and then reappear over my body, as I petted Anna's head.

"Good work, now let's eat and relax a bit, even in the Apocalypse, we need to rest a bit," I said.

"M-Master petting?!" said Anna, as she began to feel new sensations as I petted her silky brown hair.

"You have very silky hair," I said, as Anna suddenly blushed a bit.

"What a killer, you're going for another one already, huh?" asked Ervas while rubbing his chin.

"Eh? No, wait, you're misunderstanding… I was just petting her because-"

"Masteeeeeeer~ The food. Is. Ready." Said Kireina, her eyes flashing with crimson light.

"What with that look?" I asked in surprise, as Kireina suddenly changed.

"Haha… Nothing! Come eat with me, my dear~!" she said.

Is Kireina a bit jealous? Huh…

Well, I had never considered going the harem route, my mind is always busy with other thoughts.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 54 - Plans!


.

.

.

After seeing my new equipment, I went to have a meal with Kireina, while Cuco and the other tamed monsters began to guard the perimeter alongside Vudia's Gold Golems.

As we ate the delicious Karaage, I wondered what the heck should I do with the house.

Should I bring it with me? Leave it here to be destroyed eventually?

I mean the whole commotion made it so the water was all cut down, so I guess I shouldn't have any regrets taking it out of the ground… I think I have enough Strength that such a task might not be too hard to do.

So I guess the fear I had over it not having water won't matter because there isn't any at this moment, seeing how all the pipelines are all destroyed by the tremors.

I guess I shall abuse the power of the Inventory, which seems to not be available to all people, and save the whole house there.

"Ah, Master, your new set of clothes seems radiant! I can see your strength soaring with it," said Kireina.

"Yeah it is great to work… (Though I don't really like overly dark clothes)" I said.

"I do wonder, do we really need to eat?" asked Vudia.

"Not really, but if we eat we can store our own small reserve of energy," said Kireina, who had eaten a giant flesh spider a few minutes ago.

"Oh! I see… I just feel like I didn't want to waste this delicious food that could go to Master…" sighed Vudia.

"Don't think about that, Vudia, eat and enjoy the food that your mother prepared for you," I said, petting her silky hair.

"Okay then~!" said Vudia.

As we ate, I discussed my next course of action, exploring the Purple Forest, as I call it, and possibly entering the dungeon there.

"I suppose we need t hurry then, we can't waste any other second! These 24 hours are precious to grind as many high-quality items as possible," said Anna.

"I agree, what we need to do the most is concentrating on strengthening Master. The stronger he grows the stronger we will grow as well," said Ervas.

"Yeah, we have to hurry up~!" said Vudia.

"Though… Master, I wonder, do you care about the people in the cities? I wonder how they are faring… Perhaps some of these humans had awakened some interesting power through the Soul Records… And what about other Players? Are there more on this planet? Or maybe the Players were distributed across all Dimensions?" asked Kireina.

"I don't really know, but if there is any major danger, Danger Perception should kick in. If Players were given tickets like me, their own Systems must be just as powerful and balance-breaking as my ability to summon… They would be strong enemies, I would prefer to not fight them if possible, at least not until I grow very strong… S-Rank is the goal at the moment," I said.

"I would also think the same… I suppose Master doesn't care about other people, nor you need to interact with anyone anyways, right?" asked Kireina.

"Well… I don't know… But for now, no, I don't really need to interact with anyone. Maybe if one day we are thrown into another parallel world… Perhaps, but for now, growing stronger and survive is the goal. I have a bad feeling the Earth will not last much longer. The big tentacle guy up there is draining this world's energy as if it were a smoothie… Perhaps its days are counted," I said, revealing what I've had in mind for some time now.

"Now that I think about it… it might be true. Whatever is that entity… we should not approach it, Master. At least until we truly know what it really is… But according to the Ranking System you gave us…" muttered Kireina.

"It most likely way above it, right?" asked Anna.

"Indeed… it is the same for those other guys," I said.

"The ones you call Celestials? Indeed, the shiny guys that wielded weapons that seemed like Legendary Weapons… Their presences and auras… it was probably above SSS-Rank as well," said Ervas.

"To think that there would be already final bosses way above my current level roaming casually everywhere… The difficult level of this Apocalypse is most likely Hell Mode," I sighed.

"Indeed, beings that could obliterate us in an instant roaming everywhere leisurely… Thankfully, we are so insignificant to them that they pay no mind to our presences, like flies or ants to them, or even worse, just bacteria that their eyes can't even perceive," said Kireina.

"T-That's quite the way to put it, mama…" said Vudia.

"But isn't that good? Without them monitoring us or trying to kill us, we can safely grow stronger below their noses," said Ervas.

"Indeed… Even that big army of Demons could have completely defeated us… Well, we might have been able to escape by flying. It seems that not all these monsters can fly, we need to use such ability to our greatest advantage… It was a good thing that we all trained how to use Flight," said Anna.

"Yeah, but if they are already stronger, could you imagine how fast would they grow too? It could be even faster than me," I said.

"Hmm… This is why we need to hurry up, I suppose," said Kireina, quickly standing up and taking all the empty plates to the kitchen, washing them in a flash, and getting ready.

After the conversations we had, we quickly packed things up and decided to continue.

I walked outside of the house with everyone else and then, I grabbed the house with my hands with the help of Anna and Kireina, and deposited it inside my Inventory through a gate in space that emerged when I willed it… With this, I can more or less store anything I can carry with their help, but it has to not be a living being, of course.

"So onwards to the Purple Forest, right?" asked Kireina.

"Wait a bit, before that, I will pick up some Skills, and maybe summon another of you, my Mana has increased a lot," I said.

"Oh, there is the possibility of a new companion? I wonder who it could be this time around~" said Kireina.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 55 - New Skills! Fusing Spiders!


.

.

.

Before going anywhere I decided to quickly pick up some new skills, of course.

I have saved up a lot of Skill Points after the big spider massacre, so I am planning on getting some new Skills and enhance my power even further.

The best ones would be passive skills, they require no Mana and enhance my body permanently, while also evolving with me, such as the Dhampir Skill or the Curse Caster Skill.

I have around 19.527 Skill Points at the moment. They are not near as enough to get anything from a 4 Star Summon yet, but good enough to get three skills from a 3 Star Summon.

I glance at my options and… pick an interesting one.

[Matsuo, Holy Light Practitioner] [★★★]

Matsuo, according to the story where he comes from, was a powerful holy light mage, trained by a Clan of Monks in Japan who protected the common citizens from Demons and Monsters… and even Vampires and Werewolves too.

He is a brave man, but he was still developing, so his 3 Star Version is not as strong as he could be… Well, the Skills it has been very useful.

Holy Light Magic seems to often be neglected by main characters, but it is actually incredibly useful, and this one in specific deals extra damage against demonic creatures or evil spirits, so it is even better.

The Skills I will get in specific are [Exorcising (D)], [Holy Light Beam (D)], and [Monk's Spiritual Physique (C)].

Ding!

[You exchanged 3500 Skill Points!]

[You learned the [Exorcising (D)] Skill!]

[You exchanged 3500 Skill Points!]

[You learned the [Holy Light Beam (D)] Skill!]

[You exchanged 6000 Skill Points!]

[You learned the [Monk's Spiritual Physique (C)] Skill!]

…

[Exorcising (D)]

The powerful technique used by the Monks of Tokyo to exorcise evil spirits and demons alike, using your connection with the holy light that burns it all generated by the Goddess of the Sun, Amaterasu.

All of your attacks carry the blessing of such light, increasing damage dealt against all enemies deemed as demons, devils, evil spirits, and monsters by 20% permanently.

…

[Holy Light Beam (D)]

Harness the divinity of Amaterasu and summon a small part of her Holy Light, unleashing a Holy Light Beam towards a straight direction at an incredible speed, dealing damage based on your Magic Stat and 10% of your maximum Mana Stat.

Deals 10% bonus damage against enemies deemed as demons, devils, evil spirits, and monsters.

…

[Monk's Spiritual Physique (C)]

Having trained your entire life below the tutelage of the Monks of the Shrines of Tokyo, your body harbors large amounts of mana, which flow freely across your body, nourishing it and bringing you augmented physical capabilities and a spiritual body, which is naturally resistant to diseases, status effects, poison, and parasites.

Additionally, your Vitality, Mana, Magic, and Strength growths increases based on the Skill Grade.

…

The moment I learned all these Skills, I suddenly had a strange vision.

A beautiful woman with blazing red hair and a halo made of flames and light wearing traditional Japanese shrine maiden clothes emerged, descending the skies, and suddenly showering me with her light.

As a Dhampir who has negated weaknesses, her light didn't negatively affect me, and I was able to assimilate it into my very body, enhancing my entire self.

Was she Amaterasu?

The moment the vision disappeared, I opened my eyes, and my body was suddenly overflowing with a strange aura, darkness and light were merging constantly, forming a chaotic ethereal mass over my body. I didn't felt any discomfort, whatsoever.

My body felt stronger as well, and I am pretty sure that Mana is flowing through it all at an even faster pace than before… and my muscles felt firmer. It feels as if I had undergone training throughout my entire life.

I guess these are the effects of the Monk's Spiritual Physique Skill.

Now that I am done with this, I began to think if I should summon a new party member… There's still Evan, but I want his Skills, so I guess I will leave him for later.

The other two Summons left are [Adelle, Koi Mermaid Princess] [★★★] and [Fernand Firebrand, Blazing Blade] [★★★]… Adelle is a long-ranged holy spiritual light magic wielder, she is a mermaid too, and her physical strength seems on the lower side. Meanwhile, Fernand is a physical fighter who wields fire and a sword…

Hmm, maybe I could summon Adelle? I kind of want to grab Fernand's Skills later, but Adelle has kind of a similar build than Matsuo, so perhaps I wouldn't mind not getting her Skills, which seem to be just the same… and I don't have Skill Points to spare around.

I suppose I could summon Adelle… Though I remember that this mermaid princess was rather a tsundere and prideful… But I could adjust her personality I suppose.

Nah, I won't summon anything for the moment. I have only spent a minute here, but I don't want to waste any more time. I will summon a new batch of Jewels after the 24 hours run out and see what I could keep as a servant and what to absorb with the Skill Points I will have at that time.

"I don't think I will summon anyone for the moment, we are already a sizable group," I said.

"Very well then, Master~ Oh, I forgot! Here, these are the spiders I was able to find alive…" said Kireina, opening her flesh into a mass of gibbering red meat and then taking out two unconscious spiders from the inside of her monstrous maw, which was covered in saliva.

I suppose we could store living beings inside of Kireina's stomach like this… though I don't know what kind of psychological problems a person could suffer…

I quickly tamed the two Spiders, which were fairly strong, although their stats were too near as high as Cuco or the other Pets.

I fused them together for 3000 Gold and created the [Great Armored Poisonous Flesh Spider (D-Grade+)], which resulted in being a tiny bit stronger than the two combined stats, and left it as a temporal party member of the monsters below Cuco's command.

And then, we stepped into the dangerous dark forest.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 56 - Diving Into The Poisonous Forest!


-----

The beasts didn't know what exactly happened.

One second they were peacefully living within the wilderness of their world, a dangerous and wild world, but a peaceful one for them, a world where they hunted and fought, a world where the strongest governed and the weak hidden, a world where they were free to run away or fight, and then in another second they were sent into a completely alien world.

It was a world like many others in the infinity of the cosmos, one world with purple vegetation and creatures who had evolved from small masses of purple and poisonous slime-like flesh animals.

The world was covered in poison eons ago when a meteorite carrying a deadly amount of Poison Attribute Materials fell over the planet, decimating a large quantity of the life of the continent where it landed, while it decimated the rest with the deadly clouds of poison is released.

When the poison expanded, only a handful of these beings survived, amongst them… the masses of poisonous flesh.

They expanded and took all the niches of the deceased animals, and quickly evolved, absorbing the magic particles spread in the poisonous world and becoming gigantic creatures, welding all types of natural abilities that seemed magical compared to the past.

However, their age of prosperity came to an abrupt pause, as a part of such a world was suddenly split through space and time and landed into a completely alien world, Earth.

The creatures who had developed some kind of intelligence over the years cooperated to scout the area around the place, an army of such beings was sent by the Queen, only for all of them to end up being decimated by entities… entities they saw as Demons.

The Demons continued to slaughter their entire kin with powerful abilities, all of them possessing overwhelming power.

At some point, the Queen had to enter battle, as her kin was about to face extinction…

And although she tried hard, she couldn't fight against these demons that could fly and attack from a distance with things as deadly as fire or other types of strange elements, and the Queen faced her demise.

The rest of the creatures, seeing this massacre, decided to stay on guard around the forest, with their respective Queens and Kings, the poisonous flesh monsters remained on guard, while some had decided to escape into the strange structure that emerged before them, the mysterious temple…

Unaware of such a point of perspective, Gustav continued his journey through the forest, using his powerful summons, and using Ervas' Flight Skill to fly above the skies and have a high ground compared to the non-flying creatures.

However, even with his advantages, the beasts wouldn't go down without a fight.

-----

After having picked up some Skills and acquired a new boost to my capabilities, we finally stepped down into the Purple Forest, or Poisonous Forest, whatever name you want to give it.

We decided to use Ervas Flight once more, abusing this power to gain a high ground before the other ground-dwelling creatures, it seems that none of them had evolved the capability of flying.

Our peace only lasted 20 minutes as we delved and flew near the surface of the forest, as we were suddenly ambushed by a group of what seemed to be creatures similar to the Poisonous Flesh Spiders, but whose body structures resembled crickets.

[Poisonous Flesh Cricket Soldiers (D++)]

Much like crickets, these monsters had strong legs with powerful muscles, their purple flesh became hard and swelled up each time they jumped, using an immense speed that surprised us as they charged at us.

I quickly braced myself, desiring to experiment with my new Skills as I coated my Staff with Sanguine Blade, suddenly shapeshifting it into a blade of crimson-red and black energy, and then release a slash while using my own Vitality as the fuel of my power.

Alongside this, I coupled it with Exorcism's passive effect that enhanced damage dealt against monsters, and the result was rather obvious.

SLASH!

The beast was about to clash against me at high speed, but I intercepted it and slashed it right in half in an instant, even I couldn't believe my strength a bit, but with this powerful Skill as Sanguine Blade, any weapon I held, even my staff could become a blade.

"Gryyssha…!"

The moment the beast was sliced in two it released a little shriek of agony before its body fell over he ground splattered all over the place, experience points flowed into my body as I suddenly regenerated vitality, this was the powerful effect of Sanguine Blade, it drained my vitality, but it also drained that of what I slew.

[You gained EXP]

[You gained Skill Points]

A few gold coins emerged in the ground as well, alongside a small Soul Sphere, but there was no time to pick up the loot yet, the beasts came jumping one by one, using their strong legs to kick us and fight ruthlessly.

Although we came across a small group, this small group quickly turned into a big one as more continued to come.

Kireina used her powerful spear, coating it on dark chaos and unleashing a series of piercing attacks, intercepting three of these Flesh Crickets, and splattering their flesh all over the place, her piercing attacks carried such strength that each time they pierced a beast, they would explode into pieces.

Splat! Splat! Splat!

One by one they exploded into pieces, as Vudia unleashed her Thunderbolt in a direction, the beasts couldn't fight back against having their fleshy bodies burnt through the impact of the electricity, frying them alive.

Anna used her fast axe techniques to slice through the beasts, some caught her off guard as she was slower than us, but her strong steel-like skin was even able to take on their powerful kicks and then catch them with her axe.

Ervas manipulated some of the trees, forming spears made of wood and impaling some of the smaller Flesh Crickets, while the bigger ones were blasted away using his Telekinesis Bullets. However, he maintained a barrier up to protect himself while mostly healing us whenever we needed his assistance.

Flash!

"GGRRYYSSAHH…!"

BOOM!

Meanwhile, I practiced my Holy Light Beam, unleashing a powerful beam of bright yellow light over a group of three Flesh Crickets, and decimating them at once!

[You gained EXP]

[You gained Skill Points]

The grind has begun.

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 57 - Fast Leveling


.

.

.

I glanced at my surroundings as my heart began to beat faster, the beasts continuously ran towards us at great speeds, jumping with great force, their muscular legs reaching us and unleashing strong kicks wherever they were not absolutely decimated by our long-ranged attacks.

We were currently in the middle of a clearing within the large forest, now that the poisonous mist was gone, we were more or less able to walk through here without worrying about getting poisoned, but the monsters seemed to be just as big of an army as the spiders!

They were of low rank, but their jumps carried such momentum that sometimes they were able to catch up to us above the ground, evading while being in midair is actually quite hard if you don't want to lose your balance and be sent into the ground by the momentum and weight of your own body.

Flight grant us the ability to float, but it doesn't make us weightless, it is weird how it works, but I suppose it uses Ervas Telekinesis, to form an invisible coverture over our bodies, which carries our weight upwards.

If we lose balance this power cannot contain our weight completely and we might end up falling.

Nonetheless, we were just having tiny mishaps, because we were pretty much cleaning the floor with these guys.

After a whole week of polishing my power and then the last battle boosting them even further, I was completely decimating anything that came my way while grabbing anything they dropped.

Large groups of crickets targeted me the most, seemingly because they were sensitive to mana, and saw me as the biggest source of it, trying to kill me to cleverly make my summons disappear.

But you are merely some bugs, what can you even do against me?

I might have gotten rather arrogant there, but getting arrogant is part of enjoying your strength, even more when it means that I can continue to grow in strength.

I suppose my mindset since the first days have changed, I have certainly become someone different, the changes of my body, my level ups, becoming a Dhampir, and more all had changed my mentality a bit, but deep down I know I am still the same as ever, I am simply doing the best I can to adapt, even if it means getting a bit cocky so I won't feel any pity for these creatures I am slaughtering at this very moment.

Five Crickets rushed towards me, jumping incredibly high and trying to kick me.

However, I quickly conjured the power within my Staff, combining it with Sanguine Blade, as my staff suddenly shaped itself as a large blade made of phantasmal blue flames and dark winds spiraling together into a blazing tornado.

I unleashed a powerful slash using my Black Knight Magic Weapon Technique, enhancing the power of the whole Skill effect combination even further beyond!

SLAAAASH!

A powerful spiraling slash was unleashed from my staff, as the blue flames and the black winds spiraled together, reaching the crickets, and burning them alive while pushing them below, their shrieks of agony were music to my ears, I believe I have become quite ruthless.

Well, perhaps they were music to my ears due that each shriek meaning some more EXP, Skill Points, and dropped items for me.

"Grryyysshaaa…!"

Their burnt bodies fell over the ground motionlessly, as I quickly grabbed the gold coins, soul spheres, and other items that could have been possibly dropped, while looking at my other gains.

Ding!

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 31!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 32!]

[You gained Skill Points!]

Oh? A double level up, it seems that I killed more than I thought, as I glanced around me and found a few tens of corpses, my slash got through not only this little group but also impacted the trees, burning them into ashes alongside the other flesh crickets that were about to jump over me.

However, more and more of these fiends emerged, I quickly generated Blazing Wind Jewel Bombs using Mana and began to throw them around, decimating the large army that was constantly marching against us… just how many of these creatures were here? Well, I am not going to complain, the more there are the better!

"GRYYSHA!"

Suddenly, a red-colored flesh cricket merged from the group I was burning alive using my blue flames and holy light beams, a large beast of around two meters, it even held a metallic carapace.

[Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket Soldier (D-Grade+++)]

Interesting! So they got variants too. Let's see how much EXP you give to me, my friend!

The beast quickly rushed towards me, jumping, and using its powerful armored legs to unleash several kicks in the air, releasing powerful shockwaves coated with a red-colored energy, which were fired at me as if they were magic bullets!

I quickly released two slashes using Sanguine Sword and Blue Flames combined with Dark Winds, unleashing powerful slashes that reached the energy kicks the beast threw at me, intercepting them and making them detonate ahead of time in midair!

BOOM! SLASH! BOOM! SLASH!

I quickly flew around, evading the beast long-ranged energy kicks as I unleashed ten consecutive Mana Bullet Blasts, which flew incredibly fast and as if they were shotguns, they began to impact the beast powerful metallic armor!

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

"GRYAR!"

The beast saw its armor being smashed, as I flew towards it and readied a powerful Holy Light Beam, releasing it right in front of its face!

FLASH!

"Gryyyyyyyhhh…!"

BOOOM!!!

The beam impacted right over it, as the holy beam burnt through its body and metallic armor, throwing it down below!

Clash!

I flew towards it as I saw it trying to stand up, the bastard was still alive somehow!

I quickly unleashed my trump card, Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis, as the wave of electricity hit the beast, paralyzing it on the spot!

SPARK!

"Gryar!"

"Dissapear!" I roared, as I released a wave of blue flames combined with dark winds from my staff, hitting the beast directly and burning it alive!

"GGRRYSSHAAA…!"

Alongside its hellish shriek, a wave of EXP was infused into my body.

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 33!]

[You gained Skill Points!]

.

.

.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 58 - Generals?!


.

.

.

Having been raised to Level 33, I felt way stronger than before. Now that my growth rates had grown so much, each level granted me a large amount of stats. It felt like I gained muscle mass and more mana at each level, which created this feeling of exhilaration and even a bit of ecstasy… Although nothing beats being with Kireina in the night, this feeling is still quite intoxicating.

After killing the Scarlet Armored Fresh Cricket, I flew towards its corpse and picked it up into my Inventory, it had a scarlet material that could be used to upgrade my equipment once more, so I decided to save it.

Alongside that, it dropped one Soul Sphere of Mana and a small pile of gold, which was all saved up for now.

I hurried up collecting the loot because there wasn't any time to waste, everyone around me already noticed that a large horde of Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket Soldiers was rushing directly at me, and after dealing with the small fry, they all flew at my side to assist me.

"I will take care of the small ones!" said Kireina.

Kireina was expanding her flesh by using her Nyarlathotep Skill, expanding her twisting, gibbering, and pulsating flesh, and forming eyes all around, alongside large jaws, which she used to catch the monsters and devour them alive. She took care of most of the annoying small fry that was still trying to get near us, as the large army of Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket Soldiers finally reached our position, jumping towards us and unleashing a barrage of energy bullets thrown from their kicks!

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Ervas waved his hand as he generated a barrier of Telekinesis over us, which I assisted by making another barrier made of shadows using the new capabilities of my equipment, Shadow Ward!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Meanwhile, Vudia generated a dozen of Magic Gold Bullets, shaping them as balls and firing them by overcharging them with electricity, making them fly at the speed of a bullet if not faster!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

With each Clash, one of the Scarlet Crickets died quickly after, their entire bodies made into Swiss Cheese by Vudia's amazing offensive capabilities!

Meanwhile, Anna reached to the frontlines and confronted the Scarlet Crickets sticking to our barrier, using her thundering cursed axe, Axe-chan, to unleash powerful slashing attacks that were charged with black thunder!

SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!

Each slash of her axe unleashed a powerful wave of black thunder that could slice through the Crickets with ease, like a hot knife through butter!

The Crickets were sliced into pieces and grilled alive, as I saw the slaughter, Cuco, and the other beasts rushed to the frontlines as well.

My cat used its newly poisonous claws and coated them in shadows alongside all of his body, rushing like a flash of darkness towards his foes and slashing them with countless sneaky attacks, sometimes grabbing them with his jaws and crushing their heads at the same time.

The Evolved Queen Bee summoned her tiny bee soldiers, which after her evolution now carried sharper metallic stingers whose poison was not effective against the crickets, but that could still do great damage. She was able to summon up to 20, but even if they died, they turned into mana and went back to her so she could summon more.

The viper slapped the crickets with his strong tail, which was covered in strong golden scales. Although his poison didn't work in these beasts, his fangs were still deadly, and he used them to tear down the armor of the monsters.

Meanwhile, the newest member, the Fused Flesh Spider, leaped around and used its sharp armored legs to slice through some of the Scarlet Crickets, but it was fairly weaker than the rest and required more assistance from Cuco and the other monsters.

While everyone fought, I was also putting my all into the fight, unleashing several spiraling blue flame attacks that encompassed several meters around me, burning through the ranks of the Crickets while combining Phantasmal Fire with Dark Winds.

The beasts were fried alive one by one, dropping items after items, and infusing me with more EXP.

After a few dozen of groups were slain with my Sanguine Sword and Phantom Flames combination, I leveled up again.

Ding!

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 34!]

As we kept slaying monsters, we reached a point where the small fry crickets stopped showing up and only Scarlet ones emerged, and we continued advancing through the forest while defeating anything we came into contact with.

It felt weird how there were so many god damn bugs, it was as if this forest was some kind of separate dimension that actually made the entire place even vaster than how it really was.

As we advanced through, I mercilessly slashed away anything on my path by covering my staff into darkness and blue flames, shaping it as a blade and unleashing Sanguine Sword, draining my Vitality but immediately regaining it with each Kill.

Sometimes they would rush at me and attack me, but nothing that a fast Holy Light Beam couldn't solve! Each beam easily burned these critters alive, although some were resilient enough to survive up to four beams, these were the new and more buffed versions, Scarlet Cricket Generals, who sported up to 4 meters of height and strong jaws that would easily tear my head apart from my neck if it could.

"GRRYSHA!"

A group of four of these larger Generals rushed towards me, their kicks unleashed almost beam-like energy attacks of crimson-red color, which I evaded swiftly, although sometimes they impacted my body and broke a few bones, but nothing that my natural regeneration as a Dhampir could not solve to an extent, while Ervas was also supporting me with his healing spells from some meters away.

I quickly caught up to them and then decided to combine Sanguine Sword with Holy Light Beam, forming a technique which I shamelessly called Excalibur!

A blade of light and darkness emerged over my staff, and with a single swing of it, a powerful and immense beam of light and darkness impacted the swift bugs, slaughtering them on the spot!

BOOOM!!!

Ding!

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 35!]

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 59 - Fusing Tamed Monsters In The Middle Of A Battle!


-----

The battle continued within the Poisonous Purple Forest, as the army of Scarlet Crickets began to fall down but the new Scarlet Armored Cricket Generals emerged, which were stronger but also netted even more sweet Experience Points than the rest.

[Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket General (D-Rank+++)]

As I was able to see, they were D-Rank+++, the peak of D-Rank! But I was already C-Rank anyways, and the strength of most of my summons was also around C-Rank, with Kireina probably being peak C-Rank based on her strength alone.

The larger and stronger near four-meter-tall bugs that were these Scarlet Cricket Generals had resilient bodies, they were able to take on four of my normal attacks at once, but if I combined them and spent large quantities of Mana like my Excalibur "technique", they were easily decimated.

I went to pick up the glistening items and gold coins dropped by these monsters until I found a new dropped item, it was named [Ability Sphere], and it contained the picture of the Scarlet Cricket General on it…

[Ability Sphere: [Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket General (D-Rank+++)]

Absorb this Ability Sphere to gain the essence of the monster [Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket General (D-Rank+++)] and attain the random chance to get one of its abilities.

It can also be consumed to obtain Skill Points.

…

Oh, so these items can grant random Skills or Skill Points, similarly to Vampire Overlord's System, I suppose.

Nonetheless, unlike that character, I lack a Skill Tree to concentrate on, so any Skill I can get my hands into is a good thing.

"GRRYAR!"

However, there wasn't even a single second for me to relax and absorb the sphere, as a group of five Scarlet Cricket Generals rushed towards me and showered me with a barrage of crimson-red energy beams unleashed from their super-fast kicking legs.

"Master!"

However, before I could defend myself, evade, or intercept their attacks with my own, Kireina rushed in front of me and used her flesh body as a shield!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

Her entire expanding flesh was burnt and splattered, but her flesh continued to expand and drain my mana, making it so her regeneration hastened… Although I didn't particularly like it, she was more or less able to use her own flesh as a shield.

However, I had no time to tell her to not be reckless, as I was quite the reckless man at this point, rushing right towards my enemies and all…

I quickly joined her, as she caught the Generals and weakened them.

Then an idea surged into my head… Why don't I tame these guys?

I quickly told Kireina to use her Illusion Magic, infusing hundreds of mana into it until she finally managed to brainwash these beasts, and then I tamed three of them, the max amount you could tame of a single monster!

"Hahah! Serve my master now, you puny insects!" laughed Kireina, as she enjoyed these beasts tamed by me.

They all became obedient, as I gave them the first order of slaughter the other Generals Kireina got caught within her fleshy tentacles, which they immediately began to crush into pieces with their powerful jaws and kicks!

My other Summons and the Tamed Monsters quickly rushed towards us, defending us by making a circular formation around me, so I was able to relaxedly watch the beasts slaughter their kin.

"Good!" I said, as I quickly fused them together, using 6000 Gold, and then used another 10000 Gold to fuse it over the fused Spider!

[You exchanged 6000 Gold!]

[Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket General (D-Rank+++)] + [Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket General (D-Rank+++)] + [Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket General (D-Rank+++)] = [Giant Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket Tyrant (D-Grade+++)]

[You exchanged 10000 Gold!]

[Giant Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket Tyrant (D-Grade+++)] + Great Armored Poisonous Flesh Spider (D-Grade+)] = [Giant Scarlet Armored Poisonous Spider Tyrant (C-Grade)]

And there it is! A new member has joined us in the form of a giant spider of over five meters! Its entire body was covered in hard and metallic crimson-red armor, and its gleaming crimson eyes seemed ready to slaughter! Each of its eight legs had blade-like tips made of this metallic exoskeleton, and its last pair of legs were thick and muscular as well, like those of crickets!

"GRRRYSHA!"

The giant Scarlet Spider roared, as I ordered it to obey Cuco and join the battle!

The Scarlet Spider began to slaughter the Generals by using her sharp blade legs and even kicking them with her powerful and muscular hind legs, crushing the beasts from left and right!

Just by watching, I was already earning more and more EXP!

I realized that the Generals were lowering on numbers, so I quickly joined the battle with Kireina so we could slaughter the last of these monsters and get the most EXP possible.

I raised my staff and released several slashes of Sanguine Sword combined with Holy Light Beam and even Phantasmal Fire and Dark Wind, generating spiraling waves of vitality-draining holy light flames and darkness, which engulfed anything it touched and even the trees, causing complete chaos at ever to swing of my staff!

However, using this powerful combination cost a lot of Mana! Thankfully, amongst the item that these armies of monsters dropped, there were also Mana and Vitality Potions, although they only recovered like 200, it was enough, as I had accumulated over 40 and I drank the Mana Potions frantically!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Explosions of yellow-golden flames and darkness ensued at every corner of my sight, while the rest of my summons and my tamed monsters massacred anything before their path!

Soon after, only a bare wasteland was left, and a lot of shiny items spread all around, I sighed in relief as I watched the results of my insane explosion of attacks.

Ding!

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[You gained EXP]

[Your Level has increased to Level 36!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 37!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 38!]

[You gained Skill Points]

Level 38 already! Amazing. Two more levels for my next Job change.

As Kireina and everyone else quickly brought me the loot, which I quickly saved in my endless inventory, the earth began to shake!

BOOM!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 60 - Boss Battle Once More! Level 40 Reached!


-----

A giant monster emerged from the depths of the ground!

BOOOM!!!

Giving a jump that shook the bare wasteland we made inside the forest after the frantic attacks that decimated anything rushing towards us, the big boss showed up.

Is this some kind of scripted event? Right after we slaughter the last one, the big boss shows up.

I feel like the actual world just became some kind of MMORPG instead of a survival apocalypse setting… Wait, it still kind of that at the end I guess.

Monsters dropping a lot of items and giving EXP, literal dungeons popping up endless waves of monsters, and bosses emerging after certain requirements are accomplished…

"GGRRYYYAAARRR…!"

Ah well, I don't have any time to spare with my thoughts, as a gigantic cricket, which had enormous and slender pincers showed up, the pincers and well, its entire body was covered in a crimson-red metallic material, and its jaws extended horizontally like blades that clashed each time it roared.

This thing is definitely C-Rank now…

I quickly use Appraisal.

[Giant Scarlet Armored Flesh Cricket Emperor (C-Rank++)]

[Vitality: [10000/10000]

[Mana: [3000/3000]

[Strength: [7000]

[Magic: [2500]

[Dexterity: [4500]

[Abilities: [Power Jump], [Flare Kick], [Blade Jaws]

When I checked it with Appraisal, the monster's stats showed up… This didn't show up before.

Was this an update of Appraisal without me knowing? Is the Soul Records stabilizing and finally showing proper stats? Well, whatever it is, this monster had a hell of a health bar.

Even more, its Power was ridiculously high, and its Magic stat was good too.

It possessed three Abilities, Power Jump, Flare Kick, and Blade Jaws, all probably related to what it can use to decimate me.

The beast's presence released a thick crimson-red aura that seemed to create some kind of strong pressure, which even made the air around it heavy…

This is a true Boss.

"GGRRYAAR!"

The creature quickly enhanced its entire body with its crimson-red and fiery aura, enhancing its powerful legs and unleashing a barrage of kicks right towards us!

But instead of the kicks hitting us, they released waves of crimson flames!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

We quickly took evasive measures, flying away from the bombing blazing kicks as the blazing fireballs they exuded fell like meteors over the ground, clashing over the barren floor and shaking everything!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The explosions of flames left enormous craters over the ground, but the beast wasn't done yet, it rushed directly towards me!

Yes, me!

It seems that just like the other monsters, the Boss is also sensitive to Mana, and they seem to prioritize those with large quantities of it. And as the one with the most Mana and also the Summoner, I am the most attractive target.

But I expected as much.

I already had ready ten Consecutive Mana Bullet Blasts, which I hastily fired towards the beast face, blasting away both of its large crimson-red eyes, and then hurriedly evading right before one of its blade jaws were to slice me in half!

SLASH! CLASH!

The blades closed right in front of me, as my heart began to beat hastily.

Soon after, Ervas quickly pushed the beast away with a powerful Telekinesis Wave in the shape of an enormous hand, while Kireina flew towards it with her Khaos Spear, and unleashed powerful techniques that released beams of pure chaos over its head!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

I intercepted it afterward, charging my Sanguine Sword into my Staff and combining it with Phantom Flames, Dark Winds, and Holy Light Beam, generating a twisting spiral of darkness, light, and flames!

Anna charged her axe with black thunder and clashed it against the beast who had lost its sight and was now clumsier, easily throwing the Boss for me to take on!

Unleashing the powerful combination of my Skills, I swung my staff downwards, unleashing an enormous beam of darkness and light twisting together with flames, crushing the bug into the ground!

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

CLAASH!

The beam crushed the Boss into the ground, as the entire earth around it began to tremble, forming deeper and deeper craters, as boulders began to fly all over the place!

As the beam dissipated, we glanced down below as the bug was still somehow alive.

But through our powerful teamwork, we reduced its Health Bar a lot, and it now had a -6000 HP in one sitting!

"GRRRYSSSHAAA!"

The beast suddenly roared, as its entire body was encompassed in flames and then it jumped towards us! The force of its jump shook the earth below as its blade jaws were coated in flames as well, unleashing waves of slicing flames whenever they closed!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

All of us quickly entered into evasive measures, as we began to charge our long-ranged attacks.

I decided to not release another combination attack and simply spam long-ranged attacks, consecutively firing transparent spheres of mana that exploded on contact with the beast's destroyed scarlet armor.

At the same time, I created a spiral of blue flames by merging Phantasmal Fire with Dark Winds, encompassing the beast's entire body while it was overwhelmed by everyone else Chaos Slashes, Thunderbolts, Thunder Axe Attacks, Telekinesis Bullets, and claws and fangs.

"GGRRRYYYAARRR…!"

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

Crack… crack!

The scarlet exoskeleton of the monster was not able to resist anymore, as it shattered into pieces, right before the beast's entire body was overwhelmed by our explosive and ridiculous onslaught of elemental attacks!

Mana Bullet Blasts exploded and turned it into minced meat, my spiral attack of blue flames burnt through the first layer of flesh exposed after the exoskeleton shattered, the piercing chaos attacks generated deep and bloody wounds, the electricity fried its flesh alive, and the other attacks helped diminish any area we were not able to cover completely!

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

"Grrryyaarr…!"

Clash!

The entire beast's body fell over the ground, its flesh was splattered all over the place, and most of its exoskeleton was shattered into pieces.

It was finally dead.

And just as it died, several bright lights emerged out of thin air near it, alongside a crimson-red treasure chest!

Ding!

[Your Level has increased to Level 39!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 40!]

[You gained Skill Points]

Level 40 reached!

And with that, I flew down below to pick up what the monster dropped. I had particularly high expectations for the treasure chest.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 61 - The Planet's Will


-----

Since it all started that the world knew, it was previously alerted of it.

Yes, the world itself, planet Earth.

Since its creation that the planet began to slowly gain consciousness as a collective, hive-minded entity that encompassed all life in the world.

Through the over-accumulation of life energy, it crystalized a core within its center, where it stored most of its knowledge, information, and anything it could store from all live forms originating in the surface.

Through eons it remained in silence, although it slowly learned about the rest of the galaxy and the universe it existed by sending waves of energy across to gather data through them, it concentrated on surviving by itself and maintaining the precious life within its surface.

As humans emerged and they made up civilizations and prayed to Gods, this energy concentrated into the prayers of humans was sent to the Core of the World, and it began to develop more intelligence akin to humans, and later on even superior.

Through its years of development, it grew attached to humans, and it once conceived many miracles to them, trying to help the growing civilizations.

However, humans grew too conceited, and after they began to overpopulate the world, they forgot about their Gods and began to walk alone through the path of science.

In a near magic-less world such as Earth, people were not able to develop Magic naturally, and thus, without magic, they began to see the world as cruse and lifeless, unaware that it had consciousness and whose capabilities were already akin to the Gods they once prayed to.

Even when forgotten, it strived to protect humanity and life itself, as the world, Earth, saw them as its children. Without realizing it, it had adopted a motherly nature… perhaps due to the influence of the humans and their prayers.

Approximately one thousand years ago, it suddenly sensed a disturbance far greater within not only her body, the world, but all around where her waves of energy reached. The entire galaxy, no, the universe itself was trembling, this was already when the entity known as the Great One Above All Creation began to merge the "wasteful" dimensions into one to trigger the Ragnarök.

Since this process began that all Worlds similar to her received a rush of information about what was yet to come, some Worlds decided to train their living beings, while others despaired and felt like there was no chance.

Earth, sadly, was one of the latter. Due to being classified as a "Lower-Ranked" World by this message, she was near magic-less, her population was not able to properly learn and adapt to magic either, or it would need millions of years of adaptation. But humans had grown completely magic-less to the point that any contact with true magic would be rejected from their bodies, and could most likely kill them.

However, for those 1000 years, it didn't give up.

It continued to generate some way, some kind of power or ability that could be granted to humans.

But it was only able to create it after Ragnarök finally hit Earth, the Soul Records.

By using her natural connection with all the worlds within Earth, the world was able to create the Soul Records, an ability that let all humans adapt to magic, learn Skills, level up, and even gain items and power from the invasive creatures that would one day come from different dimensions to invade Earth.

But because its work was more complex than it imagined, it took way longer to finish her work, and when the Ragnarök arrived it was quite late for humans to get used to this power, and it ended just as much of a surprise for them as the total chaos happening everywhere.

She suddenly felt great pain all over her body as the dimensions merged, an enormous tentacled entity opened a rift in space, an entity that called itself the Ancient One, who began to shamelessly drain her energy like a vicious and monstrous parasite, another group of entities that called themselves the Saints, who rushed into this lower-ranked world to conquer it and gain as much power from it, and another group of highly technologically advanced entities that called themselves The Hive, who desired to extract all life in the world to use as materials for magical tools.

And to boot, several Dimensional Rifts emerged as well, teleporting parts of alien worlds into the planet's surface… as the area where Gustav currently was.

It was complete Chaos, and Humanity was decreasing at an alarming rate, the first three hours since the Apocalypse started had already killed millions, the monsters that emerged everywhere, and the three powerful "factions" that were all destroying the world, conquering it, or trying to abduct all life from it were doing a splendid job…

Earth was on its last days, and she was slowly losing hope.

However, she remembered the light she fell in that day, 7 days ago…

That strange light that descended from far away, farther than the universe itself, which flew into a single human in all of Earth…

"The Player…" she thought. Due to seeing so much chaos and suffering, she had completely forgotten about The Player, the one chosen by the Great One Above All Creation, the only one in her low-ranked world.

After receiving such big amounts of damage from the Ancient One, she had felt quite dizzy, but quickly after, she finally realized where was The Player located at… Due to his Supreme System, he was the first human to have begun fighting monsters, and was already halfway through cleaning a complete Dimensional Rift by himself!

"Amazing… Could he really be… my hope?" she wondered, as she realized that The Player, Gustav, was growing at an exponential rate… but even then, it was not enough.

If she wanted to survive, he needed to grow even faster than that.

"I have to do something… Ah! That Dungeon that emerged when that Dimensional Rift appeared… I have to create a connection to it with my powers, so I can speak to him! It seems that he is slowly making his way there… I have to hurry…!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 62 - Powering Up!


-----

After we quickly picked up everything, I took out my portable house and we took a very quick break inside, I mostly wanted to assess all the items I got and absorb anything that could benefit me immediately, such as Soul Spheres and Ability Spheres, and then I will probably change Jobs.

The big corpse of the giant Boss was butchered by Kireina, and this time not completely eaten by her, the flesh of this creature was poisonous, but Ervas purified it through Antidote, and then Kireina made a fire with my Phantasmal Fire and began to cut the monster meat into large pieces, beginning to roast it while sprinkling salt and pepper over it.

The flesh of the creature, when detoxified looked just like beef, and it wasn't at all some disgusting bug meat, so I was expectant to try it out (and even if it were bug meat, I would have boiled it and see if it tasted like crab).

As usual, the large carapace was left to upgrade my equipment, as the equipment of summons grew stronger as they leveled up and as the summoner grew strong, so for now they didn't need any particular help in this regard.

The scarlet red exoskeleton of the Boss seemed incredibly sturdy, and it held within its Fire Attribute properties according to Appraisal.

I left the item with Anna for the moment as I glanced at the pile of items, a lot of gold and jewels, which were all assimilated into Gold in my Status. There were also a few Hero Feathers dropped, and a lot of Dropped Items named "Monster Parts" which were monster parts of the monster that emerge independently from the corpse itself, kind of like MMORPG games.

The Dropped Items that were Monster Parts came in all sizes and colors, from their Eyes, Blade Jaws, Legs, and even the torso, all of them were mostly food with their meat and the exoskeleton can be used as materials to enhance equipment or create it, so I saved most of them.

Aside from all of that, I quickly absorbed around 52 Soul Spheres of varied Attributes, and then a few Ability Spheres which had a very low drop chance, but that I got, nonetheless.

Aside from getting a nice amount of bonus Stats, I got new Skills too, which all looked rather "meh", but that could possibly get good or may be fused, if there is even such a function that I can do manually.

Ding!

[You gained +300 Vitality, +200 Mana, +450 Strength, +250 Magic, and +150 Dexterity]

Ding!

[You learned the [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], and [Flare Kick (D)] Skills!]

Wait… No, although they're D-Rank… These Skills are not bad!

I mean, I know I am more of a long-ranged attacker, but these Skills are nice, and having more flexibility is not bad either. Okay, I take back all I said previously, I might use these ones.

[Power Jump (D)]

By infusing Mana into the muscles of your legs, you're capable of jumping 10 times as fast and high. Grants the ability to Double Jump in midair. The intensity of the Jump increases as the Skill Grade does.

[Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)]

By using Mana, you can coat parts of your body with a chitinous Scarlet Exoskeleton, providing an increase in physical defense, resistance to Fire Attribute Attacks, and shockwave absorption. Does not constantly drain Mana upon utilization, but if shattered, more Mana is needed to regenerate, shattered pieces turn into mana particles.

[Flare Kick (D)]

Use Mana to summon flames over your legs, which do not damage, but enhance your leg's speed while giving them the Fire Attribute Property to your kicks, which can be used in conjunction with Power Jump to unleash powerful blazing kicks or waves of fire. Constantly drains mana upon activation.

…

These Skills are indeed useful! I actually needed more variety like this.

I quickly activate the Scarlet Exoskeleton Skill, as from my hand's red chitinous layers of exoskeleton begin to grow all the way into my arms, torso, legs, and foot.

"Ungh…" I said, it was a bit stiff, and it didn't help well with movement, I don't have to cover myself completely with it, but only in certain areas.

"Oh! Master looks so good! Is that an armor skill?" asked Anna.

"He looks straight out of a Final Fantasy Game," said Ervas.

"It does look like armor?" I asked.

"Yeah! It even has decorations, papa!" said Vudia, as she showed me a mirror, I really did look like a knight, and if I cover my face with it…

The chitinous exoskeleton covers my face and turns into a helmet-like shape!

Even my hands grow exoskeleton claws, it is not half bad.

And because it is not actual metal, it is very light yet just as resistant it seems.

Kireina quickly entered the house while bringing a plate with grilled meat slices for us to try out.

"Oh, master, you look so good with it! Like my valiant knight~! Oh! Will you protect this damsel in distress~? Fufu," laughed Kireina, teasing me a bit.

"I might protect you a little bit," I laughed, as the exoskeleton quickly turned into particles of mana that dissipated into the air.

"I see, so it doesn't leave the armor… I thought we would get an unlimited source of materials," sighed Anna.

"Don't worry, with the loot we got recently, that's enough for a whole battalion, but I doubt we'll be using it all anyways," said Kireina while shrugging, as she offered us all some meat.

"Indeed… Nom… Oh?!" Anna exclaimed, as she tasted the meat, it seemed to be good.

"Nom… Uwah! It is juicy!" said Vudia.

"Hm… It tastes better than the supermarket frozen meat we got stocked," said Ervas.

Kireina also gave some of the meat to Cuco, who devoured it as if his life depended on it.

I guess I should give it a try too.

I bit the meat as I took a large chunk… After being grilled, it was incredibly tender.

And… it was filled with juices, tasteful to the brim.

My entire mouth was filled with a party of flavors, Kireina seemed to have added oregano and soy sauce to it too, it was amazing…

Isn't this… way better than even Wagyu Beef?

Damn…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 63 - Amazing New Items!


-----

I clearly wasn't able to satisfy myself with a measly piece of meat! …So Kireina quickly brought more for us to enjoy.

It was good. Very good. The salty flavors were not too oppressive, the nice scent of grilled meat-filled your nostrils with the warmth of the recently grilled piece of steak. The refreshing juices spread the flavors through my mouth and my tongue couldn't help but dance in joy with each bite.

In the end, we ended having a little feast while Kireina brought some mashed potatoes, vegetables, and wine for us to enjoy everything better. She loved to serve me a lot, she really was like the ideal traditional wife…

"Phew… This wine goes stupendous with the meat," I said.

"It does, isn't it? I told you it was a good idea to take the wine bottles from the supermarket!" said Kireina while winking at me cutely.

"I wasn't so fond of wine, to be honest, but you've opened my mind over it," I chuckled.

After we ate our fill, I decided to open the treasure chest which Kireina's delicious grilled meat interrupted me from opening.

The Treasure Chest shined with a bright crimson red glow and had shown up when the Boss died, it was also a C-Rank++ Treasure Chest!

The last time I opened one, a lot of items were given generously, so I expect the same for now.

I slowly open it, as the contents inside are revealed to me, shining brightly with golden and scarlet lights.

The first thing I see is a pile of gold and jewels, and then, three items sitting over it.

One of them was what seemed to be a crown. Yes, a crown made of crimson jewels and decorated with crimson and chitinous metal.

The second item was a red bracelet with a crimson jewel over it, shining brightly with a fiery aura.

The third item was what seemed to be a green-colored ticket showing an EXP sign on it.

And lastly, there was this… vial, a vial made of crystal which was sealed with a gold, containing a rainbow liquid inside that shined with colorful brilliance.

The items were [Scarlet Queen's Crown (C-Rank)], [Scarlet Bracelet of Fire Spirits (C-Rank)], [EXP Daily Dungeon Entrance Ticket: Intermediate Difficulty (C-Rank+)], and the [Rainbow Elixir (C-Rank+++)]!

Additionally, two Orbs were sitting over the pile of gold too, which I quickly grabbed alongside the gold, absorbing it all into my Status, which quickly showed the numbers increase, my Gold has reached over 100k already!

And I didn't know there were Orbs inside Treasure Chests! Though only two is very little, that doesn't help in anything…

All of the items I got were very useful though.

[Scarlet Queen's Crown (C-Rank)]

An item that can be used with any Flesh Bug Monster to force evolution into a Queen Class, giving them the ability to freely control other lesser beings of their type, while also having the ability to lay eggs that can produce them. (EXP cannot be acquired by slaying such beasts)

[Scarlet Bracelet of Fire Spirits (C-Rank)]

An Accessory that can be equipped to acquire the power to call upon a young Fire Spirit, Salamander, and request its help in exchange for Mana.

[EXP Daily Dungeon Entrance Ticket: Intermediate Difficulty (C-Rank+)]

A ticket that can be used to access the EXP Daily Dungeon in Intermediate Difficulty, giving you the ability to enter three times peruse.

[Rainbow Elixir (C-Rank+++)]

An exquisite concoction crafted with the residual liquid essence of a Goddess of Life, it can be drunk to regenerate any wound or lost limb, while also regenerating 50% of Mana and Vitality and healing any type of abnormal condition once.

…

Yeah, they're godly, and that EXP Dungeon ticket is… just what I needed! With that, we can level up even faster now.

This Crown should be used in my Scarlet Spider Monster, so I quickly went out of the house and called her.

She came rushing towards me while growling playfully, it was eating a large pile of bugs a few minutes ago.

"There, there, now, here, have this crown," I said. Putting the crown over the beast's head, as it quickly took effect! It was pretty fantastical and magical, and straight out of a game.

FLASH!

Suddenly, the item fused with her head and became part of her exoskeleton, while her body grew another meter, and the Scarlet Spider seemed even fiercer.

Ding!

[Evolution Successful, [Giant Scarlet Armored Poisonous Spider Tyrant (C-Grade)] has evolved into the [Giant Scarlet Armored Poisonous Spider Tyrant Queen (C-Grade+)]!]

"GRYAR!"

The Spider Queen pridefully roared as if she felt more special now, and then I decided to order her to lay some eggs.

She immediately began to produce them inside of her body, and she laid them one by one!

Like the Queen Bee, she was able to produce offspring as if it were a weapon, and just after a few seconds, five eggs popped up and five scarlet spiders emerged from them!

However, her Mana was almost depleted, so I feed her with mine before she was to pass out due to Mana Sickness. Something that any Mana using being could be undergone if their Mana were suddenly depleted.

The Scarlet Spider Queen kept laying eggs, were more little spiders popped up, but it seemed that she might have a limit of ten for now, although it seemed that this limit was depending on her power over the little spiders.

I had tried to tame them, but it was not possible, they seemed to be an extension of her own, and they lacked souls too. It was strange, but it seemed that similarly to the Queen Bee, these monsters are controlled by the Queen's soul. Unless we find real monsters that she can dominate, she'll be with these ten until she can evolve again or become strong enough to be able to control more.

After that, I saved the Elixir in my Inventory for the time being and asked Anna to upgrade my equipment with the new materials, while fusing the new bracelet with my ring to make a new fused accessory.

And as she did this, I decided to change Jobs.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 64 - New Job Change!


-----

I quickly decided to check my stats before doing anything, to later compare my growth.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [123.209]

[Hero Feathers: [26.834]

[Hero Fragments: [200]

[Job: [Black Knight]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight]

[Skill Points: [31.638]

[Existence Rank: [B-Rank+]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [30/40] > [40/40]

[Vitality: [8900/8900] [Growth Per Level: 550]

[Mana: [33200/33200] [Growth Per Level: 1700]

[Strength: [7150] [Growth Per Level: 450]

[Magic: [15750] [Growth Per Level: 850]

[Dexterity: [4950] [Growth Per Level 250]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Experienced Sorcerer (C)], [Continuous Mana Bullet Blast (C)], [Blazing Wind Jewel (C)], [Black Knight's Magic Weapon and Armor Technique (C)], [Danger Perception (C)], [Dhampir (C)], [Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (D)], [Curse Caster (D)], [Sanguine Sword (C)], [Unholy Sacrifice (C)], [Exorcising (D)], [Holy Light Beam (D)], [Monk's Spiritual Physique (C)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)]

…

And there they are. My stats had skyrocketed once more. This entire ordeal was enough for me to reach Level 40 in a flash, and even more, it was possible to acquire a lot of Gold, Hero Feathers, and Skill Points, which have reached a bit over 31k already.

My Mana kept increasing at insane levels, easily reaching 33k, and my Magic is not slacking off either at above 15k! My other stats are not bad at all either, but it seems that my Dexterity is now the lowest. I wish I could control the Soul Spheres dropped to make them all Dexterity, but that's not really possible at the moment.

Sanguine Sword has been an amazingly useful Skill, and it was the one I spammed the most through this whole ordeal, while the Black Knight's Magic Weapon and Armor Technique also helped me make this Skill stronger while giving me a layer of magic armor over my body.

My Existence Rank is already B-Rank+ and I haven't even changed Jobs yet! Perhaps I can reach A-Rank after that? Or maybe that is too much wishful thinking… Well, the only way to know is by changing Jobs.

[Available Job Options]

[Paladin]

[Phantom Sorcerer]

[Fire Kicker]

Two new Jobs appeared, and Warrior is also gone… Well, maybe it was outdated? Though Paladin remains as an option.

There is also Phantom Sorcerer and then Fire Kicker. I would bet that the last Job is related to my recent Skills from the Ability Spheres…

Paladin seems like an interesting option I guess. But then there's Phantom Sorcerer, which might be related to the use of Phantom Flames and maybe to control or see phantoms? Perhaps it might even mean to open a path towards Necromancy?

And Fire Kicker might be a more martial artist-type of Job, perhaps it helps me deal higher damage while being unarmed or some kind of thing like that.

However, seeing how I got so much Magic and Mana, it would be a waste to not take the specialization route a little bit more, at the very least my summons can cover some of my flaws, and it is not like I am completely defenseless physically either…

And to be honest, the Phantom word intrigues me.

Ding!

[Do you wish to exchange 40000 Gold, and 6000 Hero Feathers to change Jobs to [Phantom Sorcerer]?]

<Yes> <No>

That's pretty costly, but now that I am B-Rank maybe it is justifiable.

Ding!

[You exchanged 40000 Gold and 6000 Hero Feathers!]

[You changed Jobs to [Phantom Sorcerer]!]

[You learned the [Phantom Flare (B)] and the [Phantasmal Development (B)] Skills!]

[The [Experienced Sorcerer (C)], [Continuous Mana Bullet Blast (C)], [Blazing Wind Jewel (C)], [Black Knight's Magic Weapon and Armor Technique (C)], [Danger Perception (C)], [Dhampir (C)], [Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (D)], [Curse Caster (D)], [Sanguine Sword (C)], [Unholy Sacrifice (C)], [Exorcising (D)], [Holy Light Beam (D)], [Monk's Spiritual Physique (C)] Skills have awakened into the [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Cursed Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (C)], [Talented Curse Caster (C)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Greater Exorcising (C)], [Dual Holy Light Beam (C)], and [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)] Skills!]

[Phantom Flare (B)]

Call upon the phantoms of this world to aid you into the creation of cold blue phantom flames that can freeze through enemies' defenses and burn their souls, draining the life out of them with each searing burn.

[Phantasmal Development (B)]

Your closeness to phantom beings increases, as you delve into the ability to contact the plane of the dead. Increases the likeness of a phantom aiding you when you ask it, alongside giving you the possibility to gain knowledge or speak with phantoms.

…

As I changed jobs, I was showered with many System Windows. Several Skills suddenly awakened and acquired greater grades, while I got two new Skills, Phantom Flare and Phantasmal Development, which seemed amazing on their simple yet good effects.

The previously awakened Skills seemed to prove to me that perhaps Job Changing triggers Skills awakening, or maybe it grants skill proficiency… But I don't really know well. At the very least, all of the awakened Skills seem like upgraded versions of their previous forms.

And with phantom Flare, I will be able to develop phantom flames independently of my Staff, while Phantasmal Development might really open the way for more Necromancy-like stuff soon.

Seeing how my stats increased, my entire body felt like it was growing, my entire senses sharpened, and my eyes began to gleam with crimson light, it seems that High Dhampir upgraded my body as if I had evolved… And it even changed in my Status Panel, as it shows that I am now a "High Dhampir"… So ranking up this Skill triggers an evolution? Interesting…

Alongside that, my Paranormal Senses were enhanced with Phantasmal Development, and now I am being able to see the phantoms of the souls of the monsters we just killed!

Yeah, they were flying everywhere like bluish masses of mist in the mild shapes of these monsters.

Though they were pretty stupid and didn't understand anything I spoke to them, but a few of them began to stick with me, so maybe I could use them to enhance my Phantom Flare…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 65 - Evolution! High Dhampir!


-----

After changing jobs and finding out the physical changes that the Skills awakening and the Job change's new Skills brought to me, I decided to check my progress in the simplest of ways, by seeing my Status Panel.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [83.209]

[Hero Feathers: [20.834]

[Hero Fragments: [200]

[Job: [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight]

[Skill Points: [31.638]

[Existence Rank: [B-Rank+++]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [40/50]

[Vitality: [10000/10000] [Growth Per Level: 700]

[Mana: [40000/40000] [Growth Per Level: 2300]

[Strength: [8000] [Growth Per Level: 700]

[Magic: [18000] [Growth Per Level: 1200]

[Dexterity: [6000] [Growth Per Level 500]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Cursed Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (C)], [Talented Curse Caster (C)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Greater Exorcising (C)], [Dual Holy Light Beam (C)], and [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)]

…

My stats skyrocketed once more…

I mean, I know I am getting overpowered quite fast, but these numbers are ridiculous.

10k Vitality, 40k Mana, 8k Strength, 18k Magic, and 6k Dexterity. I suppose it is indeed as clear as water that my specialization is magic.

Well, Mana seems to be used as the fuel for literally every Skill and Magic… So I suppose the more Mana you got the stronger you are. There isn't any stupid specialization in real life, even with all these game-like elements, the best way would be to simply have as much fuel as possible to use as many Skills and Spells as possible… Hence, having a crap ton of Mana is essential!

After turning into High Dhampir, my Stat Growths increased quite a lot too, 700 Strength per level means I can begin cracking mountains soon.

Also, by merely changing Jobs, I already reached Peak B-Rank Existence Rank, meaning that if I level a bit more, I will easily get to A-Rank without many complications, how convenient!

As I checked my Stat Panel, I decided to conjure Phantom Flare, which easily came out of my hands through the assistance of many bug-shaped phantoms from the monsters we slaughtered around.

Phantasmal Development seems to have given me the ability to somehow convince these guys I just killed to help me conjure this Skill, which is strange on many levels, but I have decided to not care for the time being.

After testing this, I checked the awakened Skills, and they all had enhanced their original capabilities. Holy Light Beam has become Double Holy Light Beam, which let some conjure two beams at once, two is more than one, so it is an obvious upgrade.

Continuous Mana Bullet Blast became Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets, and I can now create up to 20 Mana Bullets at the same time, albeit they are smaller than previously, but when they hit an enemy they explode even louder and are obviously even stronger, so it is like having a shotgun but with magic. No, I think this is even stronger than a shotgun, that's for sure.

Aside from these notable changes, there are the Blazing Wind Jewels which became Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel, instead of the fire being normal, they produce blue phantom flames charged with dark winds, which are a deadly combination. By making bombs with these guys an explosion of fire and dark winds comes forth, which could easily take down a large army of monsters.

And they can also be used as materials, so I also gave a pile to Anna before she finished upgrading the equipment.

The Dhampir Skill evolved into the High Dhampir Skill, and it gave me a greater stat growth and more stats too while giving me a new ability within it named [Blood Manipulation] which lets me manipulate my own blood a little bit, such as what Kireina does with her own blood, shaping them as crystalized blood blades and spears… But this ultimately drains your Vitality, so I am better off using other methods of fighting, which I have many at this point.

As I was checking things out and considering going into the EXP Dungeon as quickly as possible, Anna came rushing towards me bringing me the new equipment, I had also sensed she was done as the Gold decreased by a whopping 60000 and I also lost around 12000 Hero Feathers… This means that as equipment upgrades, it becomes costlier and costlier to upgrade to higher Grades.

"Here it is, Master, phew, it took some time," said Anna, as she cleaned the sweat from her forehead. Her entire muscular and chocolate-skinned body was glossy with her steamy sweat, after working so hard to enhance my equipment, it is natural to sweat like this.

Well, maybe if she wore something more modest it wouldn't be so obvious that her body is sweating all over the place, but she literally wears a bikini made of leather, which is her tribe's woman clothes. The Squirrel-kin live in a hot forest, after all, so they often wear loose clothes.

Her large squirrel tail was waving around cutely as her squirrel ears twitched as she smiled back at me.

"…M-Master?" she asked, as she caught me glaring at her body with intensity.

"Oh. Thanks a lot, Anna," I said, as I picked up the equipment she gave me, which was quite amazing-looking.

This System is not as intricate with equipment as I would like it to, so you can only equip three things, a weapon, a general outfit that pretty much includes all your clothes, and then a single accessory. Anything that is outside of this won't give you stats.

The newly upgraded equipment that Anna brought to me was enhanced by using the multiple exoskeletons of scarlet colors left by the cricket army, she used from the little red ones to the generals and then the Boss itself. She also used the newly awakened jewels I can create, a pile of more of Vudia's Gold, and her effort.

And I couldn't wait to equip these equipment items, as their stats were amazing…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 66 - New Equipment! I Can See My Own Fortune?


-----

Anna smiled gently at me, as her eyes seemed rather proud of her work once more, she had been working hard both in battle and in upgrading my equipment, so I am very thankful for her.

The equipment in front of my eyes resonated and shined with scarlet colors, using the cricket's exoskeletons and my new jewels was the perfect combination, bringing forth greater equipment, with an even higher grade… Indeed, they were all B-Grade now!

Matching my own Existence Rank, these pieces of equipment were clearly strong, and as if it weren't obvious enough, as the abilities ad stats they had were quite high.

…

[Cursed Spectral Staff of Phantom Flames and Cold Winds (C-Grade+++)]

[Malefic Accursed Phantom Staff of Infernal Flames and Scarlet Winds (B-Grade+++)]

[Durability: 4000/4000]

[Attack Power: 3200]

[Magic Conductivity: 5500]

[Weapon Speed: 3000]

[Traits: [Cursed Weapon (B)], [Evolving Weapon (B)], [Automatic Repair (B)], [Slaughter Healing (B)], [Super Mana Conductivity (B)], [Hostility (B)], [Infernal Flare (B)], [Scarlet Winds (B)], [Soul Pierce (B)], [Skill Enhancement (B)] (New!)

…

First of all, was the weapon, my good ol' bat had gone through a lot of changes, and it had undergone a few of them today. After being enhanced with the new materials used on it, it grew exponentially stronger, and all of its abilities ranked up in grade.

Evil-Slaying Smash evolved into Hostility, which enhances damage dealt with any being I see as "hostile" with any Skill! Way better than its previous form.

Phantom Fire/Flame became Infernal Flare, which is a powerful spectral, red-colored flame that has an even stronger fire potency.

Dark Winds turned into Scarlet Winds, giving them greater power and better manipulation.

Spectral Touch turned into Soul Pierce, which gives any of the skills used with this staff the ability to damage the soul directly.

And Skill Enhancement increases the power of all the Traits within the Staff!

It was a great upgrade overall… Now, moving on…

…

[Spectral Crimson Vampiric Warlock of Flames Set (B-Grade+++)]

[Durability: 8000/8000]

[Physical Defense: 5500]

[Magical Defense: 7600]

[Traits: [Accursed Equipment (B)], [Evolving Equipment (B)], [Automatic Repair (B)], [Greater Status Effect Resistance (B)], [Super Mana Conductivity (B)], [Infernal Flame Enhancement (B)], [Scarlet Winds Enhancement (B)], [Crimson Ward (B)], [Mana Absorption (B)] (New!)

…

Now, this was a welcome surprise… My equipment, which used to be mere clothes ended turning into this majestic set. Its Durability reached an armor-like level even though they were not really armor, with a pretty high physical defense and magical defense to boot.

The Enhancement Traits were made greater into infernal flame enhancement and scarlet winds enhancement, which bring a greater boost to my offense and agility, meanwhile, shadow ward turned into the crimson ward, generating an automatic shield made of crimson essence, and there is the newest trait, Mana Absorption, which brings the ability to passively absorb the mana of the enemies I am fighting, although it is nothing too broken, it will help me recover mana faster in the middle of battle.

And last but not least…

…

[Scarlet-Hearted Ring of Infernal Spirits and Demonic Fortune (B-Grade+++)]

[Durability: 3200/3200]

[Magic Conductivity: 4500]

[Bonus Dexterity: 3500]

[Traits: [Evolving Accessory (B)], [Automatic Repair (B)], [Ice Fairy Blessing (B)], [Super Magic Conductivity (B)], [Burning Venom Secretion (B)], [Shadow Spear (B)], [Demon's Fortune (B)], [Fire Spirit Blessing (B)] (New!)

…

The ring was fused with the [Scarlet Bracelet of Fire Spirits (C-Rank)] accessory I just got from the treasure chest dropped by the cricket boss, if I recall correctly, and as it was fused, its enhancements were clearly visible to the naked eye, many of its traits evolved, such as Shadow Bullet becoming Shadow Spar, Venom Secretion becoming Burning Venom Secretion, and Fortune turning into Demonic Fortune while acquitting a new trait, Fire Spirit Blessing, which brought an enhancement to all things fire-related while giving resistance to it too.

Demon's Fortune was the most interesting, from the innocent small enhancement of Fortune, it went to something that seemed rather malicious…

[Demon's Fortune (B)]

Grants the ability to siphon the luck and fortune of all nearby living beings aside from those the wielder sees as allies or desires to not siphon from.

The more fortune is siphoned, the greater the item drop rates, and all sorts of other things are enhanced.

A true demon is not lucky, but it can bring so much misfortune to others that it might seem fortunate…

…

Yeah… It is quite crazy, but this Trait would become very useful, maybe if I ever met some protagonist sort of guy, I would become capable of stealing their fortune and use it for my own benefit.

As I equipped everything and the ring, I immediately felt that there was a strange mass of shadows floating above me… this was my luck, the ring let me see my own fortune!

And it was so dark! Why?! I thought I was lucky!

This most likely means I have a terrible fate…

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 67 - Using The EXP Dungeon Ticket!


-----

I took a peek at my own fortune, it was like a black fog.

Why?

I thought I was getting pretty lucky… But it seems that it is not the case, all of what I've achieved might be just through brute-forcing things with the power I have accumulated.

Well, yeah, now that I think about it, the entire world is going through an apocalypse, monsters from other worlds are coming here, and there are even giant gods and other stuff happening everywhere, so I guess it is fair to think that I have bad luck, as I might get killed at any time.

There are literally monsters crawling from every place in the world, so it is indeed quite dangerous.

And I suppose that my power doesn't apply to my luck or fortune? Meaning that even with all I have… my fate might have not changed at all.

Oh man, this is… quite terrifying to think.

I quickly wash my face with cold water and quickly decide that it is time to keep going, staying here doing absolutely nothing won't help at all after all, and I might as well rush into the temple and fid as much loot as possible.

However, before that, we'll do a quick speed run and rush into the EXP Dungeon, as I got a daily ticket for it, three tries.

…

[EXP Daily Dungeon Entrance Ticket: Intermediate Difficulty (C-Rank+)]

A ticket that can be used to access the EXP Daily Dungeon in Intermediate Difficulty, giving you the ability to enter three times per use.

…

With this, I can quickly rush inside and blast everything with my skills and everyone else, so we can get some quick power up on the go.

"Alright, everyone, get ready!"

Everyone quickly gathered around me as I picked up the house and saved it inside my Inventory.

Afterward, I used the ticket straight away, and the system tab with the daily dungeons, which was covered by chains that said "sealed" suddenly opened for the EXP Dungeon.

Ding!

[EXP Daily Dungeon has been temporarily unlocked!]

[New Difficulty Found: Intermediate Difficulty!]

"EXP Dungeon! With this we'll be able to power level even faster, Master!" said Kireina.

"Indeed, I have to admit that I am a bit eager to enter," said Ervas.

"Let's get to it, papa!" said Vudia.

"Count on me," said Anna.

Our unlikely party quickly went through the gate that opened to the dungeon, as we were greeted by… Giants!

Indeed, there were humanoid giants the moment we entered, with green skin, sharp ears, and large tusks coming from their lower jaws. They had bright yellow eyes and were wearing loincloths and holding giant clubs made of stone.

This dungeon was not the same as the previous difficulty of EXP Dungeon, and it seemed to be some sort of cave!

"Grugagh?!"

"Grooaarrggh!"

The giants roared at us, some were surprised, but they quickly came to kill us, raising their clubs and aiming at us, they really just wanted to smash us to death.

We quickly got to work, as Kireina raised her spear and jumped over one with great agility, piercing its head and popping out its eyes with her spear, killing one instantly!

Ervas and Vudia worked together, showering another with telekinesis bullets and gold bullets, filling it with holes and killing it right away.

Anna rushed on her own, coating herself in black thunder as her axe laughed maniacally (as it was a cursed axe with a soul inside), releasing a powerful slash of black thunder, breaking through the giants in no time!

I saw the 5-meter-tall giants, who were named Ogres and were C-Grade+ monsters fall to their demise one after another without me doing much, as Cuco led the other monsters I had tamed, decimating the last Ogres in no time.

I guess I didn't do much, but the amount of EXP I began to earn was large, very large!

I suppose I could easily indulge in being a lazy master and letting my summons and tamed monsters do all the work for me, but I hate to feel "useless" so I quickly decided to be more active in the next rooms.

I raised my staff as we reached room 2 after only half a minute of having finished off room 1, releasing an explosive flare of infernal flames, the flames were so strong they crossed through the ogre's entire flesh and burned them alive in a mere second!

I simply pointed out my staff at the giants as they continued to be burned alive one by one!

T-This was really quite the terrifying power! My almighty bat has really become a formidable weapon! It felt as if I was holding a flamethrower with infinite ammunition.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The grilled giants kept falling over the ground one by one, as a smile emerged on my lips.

Ding!

[You gained large amounts of EXP!]

-----

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [83.209]

[Hero Feathers: [20.834]

[Hero Fragments: [200]

[Job: [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight]

[Skill Points: [31.638]

[Existence Rank: [B-Rank+++]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [40/50]

[Vitality: [10000/10000] [Growth Per Level: 700]

[Mana: [40000/40000] [Growth Per Level: 2300]

[Strength: [8000] [Growth Per Level: 700]

[Magic: [18000] [Growth Per Level: 1200]

[Dexterity: [6000] [Growth Per Level 500]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Cursed Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (C)], [Talented Curse Caster (C)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Greater Exorcising (C)], [Dual Holy Light Beam (C)], and [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)]

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 68 - Frenetic Leveling


-----

"GGRUAARR!"

The Ogre Boss greeted us after finishing off rooms 2 and 3 in just a single minute, as he ordered ten other ogres to rush towards us with violent charges and animalistic roars.

The ogres raised their clubs and began to immediately try to smash us into a splattered pulp over the ground, but we decimated them before they could even reach such a conclusion.

I began to spam my other Skills to vary a bit, and also practice them.

I used Power Jump to jump into the air at an incredible speed, giving me a great impulse which I used with Flare Kick and Scarlet Exoskeleton to form a scarlet armor over my body, raising my legs and spinning through the air, crushing the Ogres with blazing kicks of immense force, blowing away their heads as if they were ragdolls!

CLASH!

Meanwhile, I multi-tasked and generated two beams of holy light at the same time, firing them at a nearby Ogre, leaving two holes over its forehead and killing it instantly.

Boom! Boom!

The two ogres I just killed fell over the ground motionless, as I saw Kireina fight off the boss right away, clashing against its gigantic club with her Khaos Spear, releasing powerful piercing attacks at a speed I was barely able to discern and piercing its entire body!

The rest of the group was almost done with the other Ogres, so I quickly rushed at Kireina's side and slaughtered the Ogre King whose physical strength was nothing against the storm of kicks and piercing spear attacks that we used against him!

"NNNGGRRAAGGH…!"

Boom!

A second after, the Ogre King fell to its demise, with its body burned, pierced, and crushed!

"Nice work, Master! We managed to finish this in just three minutes!" said Kireina, giving me a wink.

"It is all thanks to all of you, let's continue!" I said as I led them to repeat the dungeon once more.

After spending less than 10 minutes, we managed to finish the three daily runs of the Daily EXP Dungeon, which brought a vast amount of EXP, everyone leveled at least 5-7 times.

And well, I did level up a lot too!

Ding!

[Your level has increased to level 41!]

[Your level has increased to level 42!]

[Your level has increased to level 43!]

[Your level has increased to level 44!]

[Your level has increased to level 45!]

[Your level has increased to level 46!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You gained Skill Points]

The loot was almost non-existent as it was an EXP-only dungeon, but there was some gold here and there, so I was mostly satisfied by leveling up 6 times in less than ten minutes.

Damn, I can now understand why they were sealed, EXP Dungeons are way too broken, even for someone like me! If I had this every day, why would I even fight the monsters outside?

I guess the system might have sealed it to give me an incentive to fight the things outside? Although I feel like whatever the "Soul Records" are somehow merged with my System a bit…

Anyways, there's no time to think about such stuff, we have to hurry!

I quickly checked my status to see the results of my labor.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [38.209]

[Hero Feathers: [9.134]

[Hero Fragments: [200]

[Job: [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight]

[Skill Points: [38.638]

[Existence Rank: [B-Rank+++]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [40/50] > [46/50]

[Vitality: [14200/14200] [Growth Per Level: 700]

[Mana: [53800/53800] [Growth Per Level: 2300]

[Strength: [12200] [Growth Per Level: 700]

[Magic: [25200] [Growth Per Level: 1200]

[Dexterity: [9000] [Growth Per Level 500]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Cursed Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (C)], [Talented Curse Caster (C)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Greater Exorcising (C)], [Dual Holy Light Beam (C)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)]

…

Oh, they had indeed increased quite a lot, that's good!

My Mana has skyrocketed up to 53800… but it is normal seeing how I can earn 2300 per level!

And my strength is almost unrecognizable, at 12200… I am really quite the monster.

But my magic is the highest at 25200, so this is probably why my Infernal Flare was so strong it completely grilled the ogres alive.

Sadly, their corpses disappeared into black smoke, so we couldn't try out the grilled ogre meat, although it might have not been too appetizing.

Now that we were done with this, we quickly decided to step into the temple, which was just I front of us… most of the poisonous forest ended being burned and what was left was just a wasteland, so no creatures emerged to attack us.

The temple itself held some kind of mystic feeling to it, the moment we stepped into it, however… the door closed!

BOOM!

"Eh? Master, the door just closed…" said Kireina.

"I noticed…" I said.

I quickly created several flames to illuminate the place some more, only to reveal a large group of green-skinned men with long and sharp noses wielding all sorts of weapons…

"Grryargarr!" they roared, rushing at us without wasting another second.

Wait, these are goblins…

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 69 - Against Goblins 1


-----

An army of perhaps hundreds of little, green-skinned humanoid creatures greeted our sight the moment the dungeon's doors closed automatically, startling us.

They had seemingly emerged out of nowhere, probably summoned by the dungeon itself, because I couldn't make up any other reason, I would have already detected them with my senses from far away if they were here waiting for us… this most likely meant that the dungeon itself summoned them to fight against us!

Or perhaps not me but Kireina would, or the other summons, even Ervas had a pretty good detection rate by using his Telekinesis… But this, it was obviously just created by the Dungeon the moment we entered it and the door closed automatically.

I kind of wanted to try out destroying the dungeon's gate with my power, but the goblins rushing towards us stopped me from doing so.

Nonetheless, I quickly analyzed them through Appraisal.

[Goblin Warrior (Existence Rank: C-Grade+++)]

[Goblin Soldier (Existence Rank: C-Grade)]

[Goblin Shaman (Existence Rank: B-Grade)]

[Goblin General (Existence Rank: B-Grade+)]

There were four types of Goblins within the group, most of them were Soldiers and Warriors, while there were a few, less than ten most likely, who were Shamans, and then only two Goblin Generals who were in the back of the army, unleashing some kind of command with their strange language that made the goblins grow stronger, flashing with crimson-red auras.

So the theory of this place being the nest of the rest of the bugs we fought through our way here must be wrong, this place seems to be completely unrelated to it, right? Most likely some kind of dungeon from another world that ended here for whatever reason.

Well, it's not like there was much time to rationalize the situation we were in, we had come here for the only reason of growing stronger and using this 24-hour bonus drop rate to our advantage, so killing all these pests will do for now.

I quickly used Demon's Fortune and began to slowly siphon the fortune of these goblins, although most of it was dark, the Generals had a slightly clearer one.

After that, everyone clashed against the goblins.

CLASH!

Kireina extended her body into a mass of flesh and many tentacles, using her crimson eyes to shoot lasers… yeah, that's a new ability she developed. Meanwhile, her tentacles crushed many of the weaker goblins with a single swipe, while entangling others and eating them alive with her enormous and multiple jaws.

The goblins were not bigger than one and a half meters, so they were easily crushed in groups.

Ervas flew around controlling the plants he had been taming and accumulating inside of his body, forming long vines and entangling goblins with them, crushing them into the ground, and sometimes firing telekinesis bullets, although some of the goblins with shields were able to resist them.

Vudia used the three gold golems she had, as she had recently managed to make another one, which I helped her at making stronger by infusing the souls I found around into it, although I've also been eating them off-camera.

The three golems had grown up to four meters each, so they were great walking shields for her, while she released sparks of electricity and gold bullets at the goblins down below while sitting over the shoulders of her golems.

Anna was the wildest, rushing into the goblins and crushing them, although the generals quickly decided to act alongside the shamans, showering her with attacks, so I quickly decided to go to her aid while leaving Cuco and the tamed monsters covering our blind spots.

The Goblins never seemed to end, as more and more were being summoned frantically, this was a grind-fest like nothing we had seen before!

I quickly used Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets to generate ten bullets and shoot them at the Goblins in front of me, crushing them into pieces in an instant, while I used Power Jump to jump high above and evade the attacks approaching me from the sides, and while in the air, I started to drop Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewels, which were like grenades at this point, bombing the goblins as I finally fell over the floor, reaching Anna in an instant and clashing against one of the strong Goblin Generals, who almost had my size, but whose body was even more muscular, not at all as skinny as one would think goblins would look like, although the others did look rather skinny.

"GRRYAARR!"

The Goblin roared monstrously as it raised its dual blades and began to clash against my Scarlet Ward Shield generated by my clothes, I decided to release Infernal Flare over its face to quickly end it, but the bastard somehow sensed my deadly magic and jumped incredibly high, conjuring a skill of his own that coated his blades with shadows that sent them against me like bullets!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

CLAASH!

However, Anna quickly reacted, coating herself in black electricity and reaching the blades, breaking one with her axe but the other managed to pierce her body, as blood began to come out of the large wound deep into her stomach…!

"Anna!"

Anna fell over the ground while gritting her teeth, I quickly took out the blade, but Anna was suddenly inflicted by some kind of curse-effect, making her weaker…

"Nngh… Don't worry, Master, I will go rest for a little bit…"

Poof!

"As long as you're fine, my purpose is well fulfilled," said Anna, as she emerged at my side in her ethereal form, resembling a ghost.

Even though I know that nothing would happen to her…

Still, it made me feel frustrated.

I glared at the Goblin General as a second suddenly rushed at my back, but without doubting for a second, I charge ten mana bullets in a single second and fused them with Infernal Flare, as immense fireballs rushed, ten of them, against the Goblin General behind me!

"GRRYAR?!"

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The bastard really thought that I would somehow lower my guard, didn't he?

I used Power Jump to reach the one floating in midair while being covered by darkness, this bastard had the [Shadow Bending] Skill, which let it encompass itself with shadows and control them, even giving curse effects and more!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 70 - Against Goblins 2


-----

I was quite angered. I know that I shouldn't be, I know that it doesn't make sense. But as the insane and selfish idiot that I am, I got angry anyways.

My eyes flashed with crimson-red light, as my entire body unleashed a powerful aura, I reached to the Goblin General with the powerful Shadow Bending Skill in no time, while wondering how a mob could have such a Skill.

However, I quickly realized that many of the weaker Goblins also had pretty random Skills, some even had things such as Fireball, or others Demon Blood skills, some even had stuff such as Hydromancer… I think they were all randomized with Skills that could give them some kind of upper hand in battle, most likely to surprise me.

This one bastard had the powerful Shadow Bender Skill, giving it the ability to manipulate shadows, using them to even float in midair, coat weapons and control them in midair, and even give his shadows powerful vitality-draining curse effects.

I quickly told the tamed monsters led by Cuco to stay far away, unlike summons, if they were to die, they would die for real.

However, the Goblin General completely ignored anyone but me, seeing how I fried his weaker friend of the same rank seemingly made him surprised, annoyed, angered, and a bit terrified.

His ugly face glared at me as he gritted his teeth, in a quarter of a second he began to shower the entire place with shadow fragments, which were not damaging to anyone, but that moved around like slimes and caught the dropped weapons of his allies, bringing them upwards as flying projectiles.

A split of a second after, I was being surrounded by dozens of floating weapons coated in shadows!

However, I was already high into the sky, as I conjured [Infernal Flame Enhancement (B)], [Scarlet Winds Enhancement (B)], and [Crimson Ward (B)] from the Traits of my Equipment, enhancing my speed, damage dealt, and more while creating a crimson-red magic barrier around me.

"Grryyggaarr!"

The Goblin General quickly controlled the weapons to chase me down as he escaped from my furious charge, the weapons were shattered the moment they clashed against my crimson ward, but more and more continued to rush at me.

I began to charge Infernal Flare and generated ten mana bullets instantly, filling them with the Infernal Flare flames and creating enormous one-meter big spheres of flames, firing them at the Goblin at an incredible velocity!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

"NNNGGIIIH?!"

The Goblin General gritted his teeth in surprise, quickly making a turn in midair and trying to evade my attacks, but I used my power over them and a lot of Mana to control the bullets and track him down with them!

Of course, I wouldn't stop with those, why would I do so if I could fire even more?

And like that, I conjured more and more giant fireballs, ten at a time within a single second, firing and melting the weapons that the bastard fired at me, eventually, he finally made a mistake while flying and the flames reached him!

"GGRRRYAAAAGGGHH!"

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

It quickly tried to fight back by using its shadows, but I didn't give it any second to rest, all the fireballs I had created rushed at him as if it were an infernal and never-ending onslaught of flames!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

It released a last shriek of agony as the flames completely consumed his body, grilling it completely as it fell over the ground motionlessly… Gold, Soul Spheres, and even other smaller items quickly popped up out at the side of the Goblin General.

However, I had no time to care about the drop items, I glanced at the rest of the battlefield, as the Goblins didn't rest for a single second.

I aimed at them from the skies, forming more fireballs using Infernal Flare, firing explosive bomb jewels, using Dual Holy light Beam to fire powerful and burning beams of holy light, using Phantom Flare to generate blue-colored fireballs alongside the red-colored ones, and unleashing the power of sanguine blade over the entire masses, while my army of summons and tamed monsters at my back slaughtered those at the sides or that perhaps didn't reach to my range yet!

CLASH! CRASH! BOOM! FLAAASH!

An explosion of countless attacks covered the battlefield, our fierce onslaught decimated everything with a terrible slaughter. A sea of dropped items continued to accumulate as my EXP continued to pile up and I leveled up more and more…

Time went flying by, and without realizing it, it has been one hour since we began to fight.

Seeing the last goblin getting burned by one of my fireballs, I finally sighed in relief.

Ding!

[Your level has reached Level 50!]

Level 50 already? This is way too fast… But it is good, the faster I get stronger, the more time I will get to later relax as not many would dare to mess with me! I have to build a strong foundation so no run-of-the-mill villain would try to mess with me afterward!

But Is that it? I think that it won't be really like I hope, and even after reaching the pinnacle of mortal hood… I might end up needing to become even stronger, indefinitely!

Ugh, does this means that this will be an endless grind? Well, at the very least, it is quite fun.

…My own mind has indeed changed, to think that I find it "fun" to slaughter hundreds of monsters.

And Anna had already materialized once more, completely recovered.

The moment I saw her again, I felt a bit embarrassed that I got angry over something like this, as she was now back at full.

But instead, she simply hugged me.

"I am glad that master was worried about me, it makes me feel loved," said Anna, with a sweet smile.

"A-Anna…"

Her strong and warm arms were so warm that her hug left me stiff…

"Master! W-What are you doing with this lascivious squirrel woman?" asked Kireina, flashing at my side in her fairy form.

"Don't worry, Kireina, master can be shared by all of his summons~" said Anna.

"What did you said?!"

Kireina quickly hugged me as well, as the two women began to smother me between their arms and breasts…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 71 - Level 50! Changing Jobs!


-----

After being smothered by Kireina and Anna's competitive hugs, I decided to gather all the dropped items that there were and saved them inside my inventory, amongst things there was, there were Random Item Boxes, which were like mini treasure chests, I guess, and many Soul Spheres of all attributes, alongside Ability Spheres and eve random pieces of equipment here and there.

I left Kireina devouring a dozen of Goblins, while I also saved the corpses because goblin meat was always better than nothing… I guess?

After that, I decided to take a few minutes of a break, and quickly checked my status, seeing that I had accumulated a nice amount of gold and more, and well, my stats had increased some more too.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [113.310]

[Hero Feathers: [19.245]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight]

[Skill Points: [48.759]

[Existence Rank: [B-Rank+++] > [A-Rank+]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [46/50] > [50/50]

[Vitality: [17000/17000] [Growth Per Level: 700]

[Mana: [63000/63000] [Growth Per Level: 2300]

[Strength: [15000] [Growth Per Level: 700]

[Magic: [30000] [Growth Per Level: 1200]

[Dexterity: [11000] [Growth Per Level 500]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Cursed Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (C)], [Talented Curse Caster (C)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Greater Exorcising (C)], [Dual Holy Light Beam (C)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)]

…

Indeed, the level-ups did it for me, and my stats increased a good amount once more. Alongside that, my gold and hero feathers increased as well, and I have accumulated a decent amount of Skill Points too.

With that out of the way, I quickly decided to take out all the Soul Spheres we accumulated from the drops, as several spheres greeted my sight, glistening with the colors of the rainbow ad releasing a powerful aura.

I quickly consumed them one by one, increasing my stats permanently…

Ding!

[You gained +4500 Vitality, +3400 Mana, +3200 Strength, +2500 Magic, and +2000 Dexterity!]

Feeling the rush of new power that brought the increase of stats, I didn't lose a single second and directed my hands to the next prize, a few, less than ten Ability Spheres, which contained some of the Skills that these Goblins held.

It was a random drop with a very low percentage, especially seeing how I got like 7 from over two hundred slaughtered goblins…

As I had mentioned earlier, many of the Goblins came with random Skills to seemingly surprise their foes, although the only impressive one was just the General that had Shadow Bending, the others were not much of an issue, although they did surprise sometimes using strange powers, like one of them shooting arrows of holy light, or another suddenly bringing a downpour of water, and so on.

Ding!

[You learned the [Shadow Bending (B)], [Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)], [Dagger Technique (D)], [Malicious Surprise Attack (D)], and [Stealth (D)] Skills!]

Five new Skills, there were some repeated ones… But hey, I got the Shadow Bending! Nice luck there, absorbing all of that fortune helped me in that regard.

The other Skills seem to be the "natural" skills that Goblins come packed up with, that's why they are so good at using small daggers, doing surprise attacks, and being naturally malicious, I guess.

…

[Shadow Bending (B)]

The power to bend shadows within a certain radius around the user.

By bending shadows, many things can be done, such as infusing them into other inanimate objects to control them, infuse curses into shadows, materialize shadows, and even use them to fly, it is up to the user's imagination and Mana capacity, while Magic stat determines its effectiveness and how much it can be done, alongside the Skill Grade.

…

[Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)]

As a member of the race of Green-skins, you are treacherous and cunning by nature, naturally receiving a boost to your cunning and scheming nature and giving you the ability to find easier ways to abuse your foes' weaknesses… the intensity of such capacity is enhanced by the development of the Skill grade.

…

[Dagger Technique (D)]

Enhances your usage and mastery over secret weapons such as daggers, while also giving you the ability to enhance your attacks using such weapons using mana to deal greater damage.

…

[Malicious Surprise Attack (D)]

Enhanced damage dealt while doing a surprise attack.

…

[Stealth (D)]

By spending mana, you can conceal your presence and be undetected by your enemies as long as you don't use any type of magic or attack.

…

Well, some were more normal than others, but they all sound rather useful and great, right? Indeed.

Some might be used more than others, but I won't blame myself if I forget to use some for more direct and stronger Skills later on, after all, the more I gather Skills, the harder it becomes to be able to use them all properly and never forget about any of them… Especially when you get something better than the others and what you care about is efficiency… then it is rather obvious to use the easier methods instead of the old ones.

Although the old skills are still upgrading themselves each time I change Jobs, and the passive skills never get left behind because you don't need to activate them to use them, so stacking them is always good, as many passive Skills as I can!

For now, it should be a good time to actually change Jobs.

…

[Available Job Options]

[Infernal Flare Sorcerer]

[Shadowmancer]

[Necrotic Sorcerer]

…

Three new Jobs and they seem interesting… But will they disappear whenever I pick one? Ugh, it seems to be the case… or maybe not? I hope not but… well, you never know how this system thing acts sometimes.

So what should I pick?

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 72 - Job Change


-----

…

[Available Job Options]

[Infernal Flare Sorcerer]

[Shadowmancer]

[Necrotic Sorcerer]

…

I glanced at the three new Jobs available, they seemed interesting.

Infernal Flare Sorcerer would most likely enhance my ability to use fire to an even higher level, I would assume. Perhaps something that can enhance my Infernal Flare, although that comes from my Staff, but I guess it has become more or less part of me too.

Shadowmancer? Most likely related to the new Shadow Bending Skill, although that one was quite quick, I just got the skill like a minute ago… I guess this one enhances my ability to use shadows even more. Although I doubt it will be anything as insane as some figures of fiction…

And then there is Necrotic Sorcerer… this one is most likely derived from Phantom Sorcerer, my current Job. Does this mean that I might acquire the Necromancer Job afterward? Well, you never know… but it might seem to be the case, or so I hope.

Well, whatever, I will pick this one, of course. After all, this is kind of what I wanted, right?

If I could become a Necromancer, a Tamer, and a Summoner, wouldn't I be unstoppable by holding an overpowered army of Undead, Summons, and Tamed Monsters all packed up together conquering entire worlds as I clear the entire Ragnarök?

Well, it might not be as easy as I imagine… but it could be great if I could.

Ding!

[Do you desire to exchange 40.000 Gold and 6.000 Hero Feathers to change Jobs into the [Necrotic Sorcerer] Job?]

I quickly accept the request as my gold goes away alongside the Hero Feathers, these resources have become rather important to upgrade my power level, and they are often dropped by any monster. I can also use them to open the level cap of my Summon, and even increase their stars.

Ding!

[You exchanged 40.000 Gold and 6.000 Hero Feathers!]

[You changed Job to [Necrotic Sorcerer]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Necromancy (B)] and [Death Domination (B)] Skills!]

[The [Cursed Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis (C)], [Talented Curse Caster (C)], [Greater Exorcising (C)], and [Dual Holy Light Beam (C)] Skills have awakened into the [Accursed Vampiric Eyes of Fearful Paralysis (B)], [Great Curse Caster (B)], [Divine Exorcising (B)], and [Triple Holy Light Beam (B)] Skills!]

Only a few Skills increased in Grade, I suppose it won't be all of them always, after reaching higher Grades, they might become harder to increase in Grade, I suppose… But that's fine, as long as I can keep accumulating more Skills, I could easily replace them around to fit my necessities, after all, we can't get too conceited with a single skill.

I decided to check the new Skills, which brought just what I thought they could do…

…

[Necromancy (B)]

Grants the user, the ability to control the souls of the dead to an extent and insert them into inanimate objects or corpses, raising the dead into powerful Undead. Proficiency, mastery, and efficiency are dependent on Magic Stat and Skill Grade.

…

[Death Domination (B)]

Use your power over the dead to dominate any raised Undead, making them your loyal subjects, while increasing their likeness to develop new powers and enhancements. Also automatically generates an aura of death around the user that helps it find souls.

…

This is quite perfect, the ideal Necromancer starter pack! I guess I am becoming just a mix of many things… This would easily become a confusing story if it were made into a web novel… But well, my days as a web novelist are long gone.

I quickly decided to take out some of the corpses of the goblins, although most of them were horrid, and I moved their souls back into their bodies randomly.

Everyone around me glanced at me with surprise, as the Undead started to rise once more, although most of them seemed weaker than before… But they could be good meat shields.

"Impressive, Master! You've already become a Necromancer?! So fast…!" said Kireina.

"They look very dead, good work," said Ervas.

"Hm, I do wonder if they are weaker than before?" asked Anna.

"Yeah, they are most likely weaker than before, but they can still be some interesting meat shields I guess, and we could also use them to bait monsters and see who survives, maybe the ones that manage to survive the most could end up evolving or something," I said.

"Hm, indeed, that's a good observation," said Kireina.

As my party watched over the Undead, I checked my status once more, seeing the progress I have undergone after changing Jobs, which was a bit intoxicating to see.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [73.310]

[Hero Feathers: [13.245]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [48.759]

[Existence Rank: [S-Rank]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [50/60]

[Vitality: [25000/25000] [Growth Per Level: 1000]

[Mana: [72000/72000] [Growth Per Level: 2800]

[Strength: [23000] [Growth Per Level: 1000]

[Magic: [37000] [Growth Per Level: 1800]

[Dexterity: [18000] [Growth Per Level 800]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)], [Shadow Bending (B)], [Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)], [Dagger Technique (D)], [Malicious Surprise Attack (D)], [Stealth (D)], [Accursed Vampiric Eyes of Fearful Paralysis (B)], [Great Curse Caster (B)], [Divine Exorcising (B)], [Triple Holy Light Beam (B)], [Necromancy (B)], [Death Domination (B)]

…

Looking good- Eh? S-Rank?!

Wasn't I A-Rank+ before? So… after changing Jobs I just jumped straight to S-Rank?

Well yeah, I do feel a bit more powerful, as if my soul were quite literally overflowing out of my body in the form of an aura, but I thought that was just natural from other Skills.

Well, this is a good thing, so there is no point in getting all confused, let's just accept it with open arms.

For now, we decided to continue through the dungeon, walking downstairs.

However, on the next floor, what we found was… a gigantic shiny crystal.

"Ah… You're finally here…" it said, with the voice of a woman.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 73 - Meeting


-----

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [73.310]

[Hero Feathers: [13.245]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [48.759]

[Existence Rank: [S-Rank]

[System Rank: 1]

[Level: [50/60]

[Vitality: [25000/25000] [Growth Per Level: 1000]

[Mana: [72000/72000] [Growth Per Level: 2800]

[Strength: [23000] [Growth Per Level: 1000]

[Magic: [37000] [Growth Per Level: 1800]

[Dexterity: [18000] [Growth Per Level 800]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)], [Shadow Bending (B)], [Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)], [Dagger Technique (D)], [Malicious Surprise Attack (D)], [Stealth (D)], [Accursed Vampiric Eyes of Fearful Paralysis (B)], [Great Curse Caster (B)], [Divine Exorcising (B)], [Triple Holy Light Beam (B)], [Necromancy (B)], [Death Domination (B)]

…

As I looked at my stats, I had discovered I was now S-Rank! Wasn't I A-Rank+ before? I guess I jumped some ranks by merely changing Jobs.

Job Changing Systems are always pretty broken…

Now that I am S-Rank, I do feel a bit more powerful, as if my soul were quite literally overflowing out of my body in the form of an aura, but I thought that was just natural from other Skills.

Well, this is a good thing, so there is no point in getting all confused, let's just accept it with open arms.

For now, we decided to continue through the dungeon, walking downstairs.

However, on the next floor, what we found was… a gigantic shiny crystal.

It was an immense crystal, it was completely white-colored and shining brightly with a rainbow aura of sorts, it was quite majestic.

It had a size of around 5 meters, and it seemed to be constantly rotating on itself.

"This crystal…. It seems to be overflowing with energy, Master! It might be a good idea to plunder it!" said Kireina.

"Oh? I had thought the same… But what exactly is it?" I wondered.

"Hm… Equipment using this crystal as materials would be great," said Anna.

However, a sudden intent came from this crystal, startling us.

"Ah… You're finally here…" it said, with the voice of a woman.

"Oh? It can talk!?" asked Vudia in shock, almost flying off.

"Please don't use me as a material… Well, for now. And my name is… Well, I am who you would technically call "Earth". Or more like… The planet's mind, or consciousness," said the crystal.

Wait, what?

So the planet has a consciousness… Well, somewhat, that's not so hard to swallow after all the insanity that has happened.

But what does it wants?

Oh let me guess…

"Let me guess, you came to contact me because you want my help in some way? You're being attacked by interdimensional beings and monsters after all… Let me tell you that I am too weak to even fight those guys, and don't even mention the giant tentacle from the sky," I sighed.

"Oh… So you guessed it? Interesting, to be expected of a Player… Your soul is also quite interesting, and your entire being is intriguing, but I am well aware that you cannot defeat those threats… yet," said the crystal.

"Wait there, do you actually intend to use my Master as your soldier or something? Let me inform you that we are an independent group!" said Kireina while crossing her arms.

"Eh? W-Well, I am the planet, that's where he was born, wouldn't it be his greatest desire to save the planet where he was born?" asked the crystal.

"Well yes, but actually no. If there is a way to go anywhere else… Well, I might go away. But okay, let's hear her out, shall we? It's not like I will leave everything behind right away," I said.

The planet's will seemed happy over my answer.

"Thank you for wanting to hear me. Please, Player-"

"Wait, how do you know I am a Player? Are there others?" I asked.

"…No, you're the only one on this planet," said the planet's will.

"The only one?! And I was so worried over other users… So where are the others? In other worlds?" I asked.

"I can't detect any other Player even after the invasion, so it seems to be the case, Player," said the planet's will.

"I see… So how are we doing things?" I asked.

"Glad you asked. Well, I want to make you my Hero," said the planet's will.

"Eh? Hero? Me?" I asked.

How could I become a hero? I am literally a nobody!

"…Yes. A hero is a title that a planet's core can give to a chosen one, it can enhance your capabilities even more, and it will help you even more at fending off the threats invading us," said the planet.

"So even more power in exchange for helping you out?" I asked.

"Indeed. However, you must know that everything is not as you think… But explain everything to you would take too much time, touch this crystal, which is this dungeon's core, and I shall transfer all the information you require to learn about this planet, what is happening, and more," said the planet's will.

"I don't know, Master, this seems fishy. What if she wants to steal your powers?" asked Kireina.

"Or what if she wants to take over you by touching that crystal?!" asked Anna.

"Err, girls, you are exaggerating… But yeah, it could be all a trap for all we know. How can I trust you and know you're the actual planet's will and not just this dungeon itself trying to somehow convince me to touch it?" I asked.

"…By all life, you are very cautious. I suppose I can give you the Hero Title right away, that should be enough," sighed the crystal, as a flash of bright white light suddenly landed into my chest!

FLASH!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 74 - Planet's Guardian


-----

So after we killed an army of bugs and goblins, I meet the Planet's Will who had somehow infused herself into a dungeon core, and within a blink of an eye, she fired at me a ray of white light, which was actually part of her power being given to me.

FLASH!

"Master!"

Kireina and everyone else rushed towards me, as I fell over the ground motionlessly. I couldn't move at all.

Flash!

Suddenly, another flash of white light began to take over my entire self, my body, and my soul and enhanced it.

This… what kind of power is this? She wasn't lying it seems, it was really the actual planet's will!

The power began to be infused into my very being, as I felt my stats increasing… Now, I am going to jump Existence Realms?! Wait, that would be way too much of a cheat. Where is the progression in here?!

Is this really just going to become a Hero Cliché story? Oh my god…

Ding!

[You acquired the [Planet's Guardian: Earth (-)] Skill!]

[Your stats have increased!]

[Your stat growth has increased!]

[The [Supreme Summoner System] has been merged with the [Soul Record System]!]

[Your System Rank has increased to Rank 2!]

[New System Function unlocked: Inner World, Monster Hatchery, Undead Graveyards, and Training Grounds, have been unlocked!]

Amazing! Through all of this, my system merged with the… system that Earth made? I need some explanations for this…

And it became Rank 2, unlocking four new system functions!

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [73.310]

[Hero Feathers: [13.245]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [48.759]

[Existence Rank: [S-Rank+]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [50/60]

[Vitality: [30000/30000] [Growth Per Level: 1500]

[Mana: [80000/80000] [Growth Per Level: 3200]

[Strength: [28000] [Growth Per Level: 1500]

[Magic: [43000] [Growth Per Level: 2300]

[Dexterity: [23000] [Growth Per Level 1300]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Planet's Guardian: Earth (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)], [Shadow Bending (B)], [Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)], [Dagger Technique (D)], [Malicious Surprise Attack (D)], [Stealth (D)], [Accursed Vampiric Eyes of Fearful Paralysis (B)], [Great Curse Caster (B)], [Divine Exorcising (B)], [Triple Holy Light Beam (B)], [Necromancy (B)], [Death Domination (B)]

…

I quickly checked my stats, to be pleasantly surprised over the increase! I really did get stronger out of it, but nothing too ridiculous.

I would have liked it to be a bit more! But well, whatever. What's important now is the new functions!

Wait, no, I am actually still in the ground?

I quickly stand up as Kireina and Anna embrace me with a tight hug.

"I am glad you're okay!" said Anna.

"Master, you went down out of nowhere… Did that crystal do it?!" asked Kireina.

"Well yes but don't attack it- Wait, Ervas, Vudia, don't attack it!" I cried as the two were about to blast the crystal with magic attacks.

The crystal quickly spoke to me.

"As you can see, you are completely fine. I have not harmed you in any way, and in fact, I have given you enough power to even upgrade your System, right? This is the only power I am capable of giving you as of now, if I give you more, I will grow weaker and the world might end… Sorry," sighed the crystal.

"I see… But what exactly did you do?" I asked.

"Good question. I am the creator of the System of this world, which I took quite long to make, and it seems that your System absorbed it when I gave you the power, making you somewhat of a System Administrator, while also giving me the power to become one for your system as well. This means that I could become capable of modifying it for you and aid you better," said the crystal.

"Oh… That's certainly something. I had half-guessed that it was made by a strong being, but I thought it was the Great One Above All Creation," I said.

"Well, it wasn't. He only gave System Tickets to those he saw as promising beings… For some reason, you have been selected, within your soul, there is something unique, perhaps even before acquiring the System that made you the correct choice," said the planet's will.

"I see… So our planet is unique in that it has a system for its inhabitants? I have seen this in hundreds of novels…" I sighed.

"Well yes, I saw it as the most efficient way to convert the energy influx that the other dimensions began to pour here. By converting the power of the monsters you defeated into treasures and your own power, I am helping my own people survive and also defeat them. While I am also capable of absorbing part of that energy to maintain myself healthy… Although it has only been one day, millions of people had already died, so my System hasn't really helped that many, sadly," said the planet's will.

"I suppose they were not ready… Many normal people would be easily slaughtered like livestock…" I sighed.

"Indeed… And the invaders seem to have their own unique power systems to acquire power by slaughtering others, so they are fueled by the desire to kill and kill more… You're my only hope, Gustav… Please, help me save humanity, and the life that is still struggling here…" said the planet's will.

Come on, this is getting frustrating… I never thought I would end as the Hero of the story, it is really making me get angry… I just wanted to be by myself get I am given such a responsibility.

But I can't deny that I have this inner desire to protect the world where I was born…

"Fine, fine…" I said, touching the crystal, as a stream of info rushed into my brain.

Flash!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 75 - New System Functions


-----

As I accepted the offer from the planet's will, I touched the dungeon core crystal. She immediately decided to share all the information needed so I could understand things properly.

The rush of information included many interesting things that I didn't know about, various of them were important, and others not so much, but I appreciated the details.

The Planet has acquired consciousness for very long, and it has been taking care of the planet's life since then, although it has been more of a figure similar to a watcher, she has also been gaining more power through the worship of various deity figures over the years.

It learned that something strange was happening from long ago, as the Great One Above All Creation had already started fusing the dimensions together… And since then she slowly prepared and created a System.

However, creating the System took a lot of time, and most of her stockpiled power, so what she can do now is very limited. Even more, now that she has given me part of her reserve energies to making me into the Planet's Guardian.

To be honest, now I am kind of forced to protect the planet because this Skill binds my life with it.

If I die, the planet does, and if the planet dies, I die…

Yup… It is rather a bad thing to know, but I am not planning on dying any time soon, nor I am planning on leaving any alien to continue to harm the world.

I have become more or less Captain Planet… Yahoo…

Anyways, the Soul Record System is supposed to help the humans fight back, but humanity is doing a terrible job and millions are getting slaughtered on the first day.

Mostly because the monsters that emerged were like end-game bosses, so it's not like the big cities had any hope when these literal living gods descended and began to blast them into ashes.

With this information came things such as a total map of the entire world registered into my mind, while also giving me the perception of the planet to detect the powerful beings roaming around, their powers, and what they are doing too, so it is very useful.

Alongside that… well, it would be better to check the Skill itself.

…

[Planet's Guardian: Earth (-)]

A Skill gave to the Guardian of the Planet Earth, selected by the planet's will.

Grants a substantial enhancement to the user's growth speed, alongside stats, and stat growth.

Additionally, it grants several extra effects:

A complete map of the entire planet within your mind, where you can guide yourself easily where you need to go.

You can expand your senses across the entire planet by using Mana, detecting foes and dangerous entities rushing around, so you can find them easily.

You can share the power with the planet, the more power you acquire, the stronger the planet will grow as well, upgrading the system alongside this.

By using a lot of Mana, the planet can enhance your capabilities and stats by a small amount of time, but there is a cooldown of a whole day before you can use this again.

By using a lot of mana, you can exert the planet's Laws over an enemy, temporarily suppressing part of their power, has a cooldown of half a day.

You become a natural leader to all living beings that have originated from this planet.

…

Yep… It is broken.

With this Skill, my senses had expanded across the planet, and I can now see a giant mental map of everything! I can even detect all these monstrous end-game-bosses-like monsters that had emerged, even the dungeons, and more!

And I can even see where I am with my summons as well, how nice.

I could even expand my senses even more I never get surprised again, but that cost a crap ton of Mana, more than I am willing to use at the same time, I have to be cautious with mana, if I use too much, I might end up making my summons dissipate into ethereal forms as they need my constant mana to be materialized.

There are also two special abilities, one that enhances my stats for some little time that has a day of cooldown, and another that I can use to suppress a large part of an enemy's power to defeat them… this has a half a day cooldown and might end up being my trump card against these insane monsters roaming around.

I open my eyes just after a few seconds of touching the crystal.

"Did you get it all?" asked the crystal.

"Indeed, Gaia. I understand most of it now… You really just forced me into this, but it's like I had any other option, without this power I would probably get killed soon enough…" I sighed.

"O-Oh, you're calling me by that name…" said Gaia rather shyly.

"Indeed, is it bad?" I asked.

"Oh no, I am glad that you are becoming closer with me. I would gladly get closer with my guardian, Gustav," said Gaia.

I don't know if this is fucked up or not, but I believe the planet is rather cute. She has a motherly personality and is also gentle and respectful of me.

"Hmm… You've become awfully close in this little time, Master…" sighed Kireina.

"Will the planet be the third?" asked Anna.

"The third? What do you mean by the third? The third of what?" I asked.

"N-Never mind, master!" said Anna.

Wait… I guess these two already see themselves as part of my "partners" or something? Damn Anna, calm down there…

And well, is Gaia being included now by them?

Ugh, I can't help but finds this awkward, even as a web novelist that wrote some harem books.

I guess when you experience it in the first person, things change a bit.

"I don't really get it… But I would gladly become closer with you, Gustav," said Gaia, she seemed like the dense type of woman.

"Well, don't mind what they said… For now, I will check a few things," I said.

Specifically, the new System Functions!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 76 - Upgraded System Functions


-----

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [73.310]

[Hero Feathers: [13.245]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [48.759]

[Existence Rank: [S-Rank+]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [50/60]

[Vitality: [30000/30000] [Growth Per Level: 1500]

[Mana: [80000/80000] [Growth Per Level: 3200]

[Strength: [28000] [Growth Per Level: 1500]

[Magic: [43000] [Growth Per Level: 2300]

[Dexterity: [23000] [Growth Per Level 1300]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Planet's Guardian: Earth (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)], [Shadow Bending (B)], [Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)], [Dagger Technique (D)], [Malicious Surprise Attack (D)], [Stealth (D)], [Accursed Vampiric Eyes of Fearful Paralysis (B)], [Great Curse Caster (B)], [Divine Exorcising (B)], [Triple Holy Light Beam (B)], [Necromancy (B)], [Death Domination (B)]

…

I checked my status to find that there were these four new system functions, and also my stat growth increased considerably, something I didn't point out previously. This way, I will be able to gain even more stats while leveling up! I wonder when I will get into the millions of stats…

Well, for now, that's not important, what's important are the new and mysterious system functions!

So I decided to check them all...

…

[Summon Gacha]

Grants access to the Summoning Gacha System Function, giving you the ability to exchange Orbs for the chance to get random Heroes based on percentages. Stronger Heroes are less likely to emerge. New Summoning Banners will emerge as time goes by.

[Rank 1: [Access to the Summon Gacha System]

[Rank 2: [1 Free Summon Per New Banner]

…

I see- Eh? So it can get new effects with each System Rank?! Now, I can summon for free once for every new banner! That's quite shocking, I should try this out.

…

[Quest Board]

Grants access to the Quest Board System Function. You can access the quest board to complete daily quests, mission quests, and so on, and gain rewards in the form of various objects and items.

[Rank 1: [Access to the Quest Board]

[Rank 2: [Servants can also access the Quest Board]

…

Ding!

[New Quests have been generated]

[Daily Quests have been adjusted]

Again! Another new effect… Does it seem that my servants can access the quest board and do their own quests?! So they could gain items for me? Well, or maybe for them…

…

[Daily Dungeons]

Grants access to the Daily Dungeon Function. You can access the Daily Dungeon Tab to complete the daily and gain rewards to increase your progress.

[Rank 1: [Access to Daily Dungeons] (Limited)

[Rank 2: [Intermediate ~ Hard Difficulty Daily Dungeons Unlocked]

…

[Inner World]

Grants access to the Inner World System Function. A small piece of land exists within your soul the size of a stadium, it can grow in size as your soul develops. It can be used to live inside, put people inside, or farm.

[Rank 2: [Inner World Access: Farm]

…

Farm?! And it has the size of a stadium… not bad at all. I have to check this out as well…

…

[Monster Hatchery]

Grants access to the Monster Hatchery System Function. A small piece of land that exists annexed to the Inner World. It grants the ability to leave monsters inside to produce monster eggs where newborn monsters can be born, races can be crossbred to create new and powerful monsters. Monsters inside the Monster Hatchery also level up automatically after a lot of time and can even learn new abilities. Items can be produced over time as well.

[Rank 2: [Monster Hatchery Access: Max Amount of Monster Pets: 4]

…

This is like Pokémon! Okay… It is just like the breeder from Pokémon Games, where you leave two Pokémon there to level up and there is a chance after a lot of time for an egg to pop up if the monsters are compatible… Whew, things are getting interesting.

…

[Undead Graveyard]

Grants Access to the Undead Graveyard System Function. A small piece of land that exists annexed to the Inner World. It grants the ability to leave Undead Monsters inside to level up passively and develop new abilities while strengthening their feeble souls and rotten bodies. New Souls or Undead-type Monsters might appear randomly to join your army. Items can be produced over time.

[Rank 2: [Undead Graveyard Spa: Max Amount of Undead: 8]

…

So this is like the Monster Hatchery but for Undead… I am guessing that Undead-type monsters cannot get into the Monster Hatchery then… Makes sense, I don't think living corpses could reproduce. But maybe Vampires could though? W-Well, not like such beings could be considered monsters…

…

[Training Ground]

Grants Access to the Training Grounds System Function. A small piece of land annexed to the Inner World. Grants access to the Training Grounds where Summons can enter to train their techniques and powers, while slowly recovering any lost Mana or Health. After some time, Summons might awaken new abilities or level up automatically. Hero Feathers and Hero Fragments can be produced over time, with the low chance for Orbs to emerge as well.

[Rank 2: [Grants Access to the Training Grounds: Max Amount of Summons: 4]

…

Well, this should be the equivalent of Summons! I guess the previous two don't accept them because they are virtually different beings than Tamed Monsters and Undead, so it makes sense.

With this, I can even get Hero Feathers and Hero Fragments passively! And the Summons could even level up after some time…

All these functions seem amazing, I should quickly try them out and enter the Inner World.

I quickly open a rift that leads me there, as my party follows after me…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 77 - Inner World


-----

By opening a rift inside my Inner World, we were all greeted by beautiful scenery, it was straight out of my wildest dreams of a perfect farm.

There was a large grassland, a few trees made up a small forest right at the left, and even a small lake in the middle between the grass plains and the forest, and even two rivers crossing through the forest into the grass plains, where many colorful flowers decorated their shores.

A brilliant sun high above illuminated the entire place, with a few and beautiful white clouds crossing through peacefully… It was the complete opposite of the utter chaos outside.

The entire place was like a stadium-sized floating island, and the water of the river fell right off the cliffs of the floating island, only to fall over the beginning of the river… meaning that if we fall from here, we'll land on the island again but on the opposite direction.

There were no wild animals, not even fish in the rivers, everything was pristine and peaceful, although I was able to notice that there were a few types of flowers and herbs that contained some magical essence within them, especially where the forest was…

And also, there was a big piece of flat dirt that seemed to be surrounded by wooden bars, it was the "farm" area.

"It's so beautiful, Master!" said Kireina, amused by the beauty of the scenery. I couldn't help but agree with her, it was indeed refreshing to see such a place, even if it were a small self-contained world.

"What a beautiful place… Indeed, perhaps we could rest for some time here, well, Master should rest, we don't really need to rest that much," said Anna.

"Indeed, perhaps sleeping could do you good," said Ervas.

"Uwah! A river, papa!" said Vudia, pointing at the river and then beginning to walk with her barefoot over it.

"It's refreshing!" she said while chuckling.

The pets led by Cuco also began to explore around, chasing each other while Cuco went to take a sip of the water, which he seems to have found refreshing and cold, appeasing his thirst.

I quickly decided to put our house near the farm area, which fit right in.

After that, a sudden system window appeared.

Ding!

[Welcome to your Inner World, Player Gustav]

[I am your personal A.I. designed exclusively to guide you through the System Functions]

[The Inner World Function has been designed to create a safe space where you could rest from your insane adventures through the Ragnarök]

[In this place, your Mana and Vitality will recover quickly, and your stamina will also be filled fast]

[Additionally, you can attend the farm, plant seeds, and grow different types of magical crops to eat or sell for Gold to the System]

[Crops can also contain magical properties and could even be used in the Alchemy Atelier System Function, yet to be unlocked]

[Cattle animals can also be raised here, where they will reproduce quickly. You can purchase them in exchange for Gold in the Animal Farm System Function, yet to be unlocked]

[You can also buy seeds in the Farm Shop in exchange for gold, additionally, you can expand the land where you can plant seeds, and also the Inner World itself by upgrading it through completing certain tasks and requirements]

[Other things such as fish, wild animals, and plants for the overall environment can also be purchased, and they will upgrade in quality the more the Inner World upgrades itself}

[Please don't forget to also check the Monster Hatchery, the Undead Graveyard, and the Training Grounds, as they had been annexed as of now]

[Enjoy your stay!]

[Oh, by the way, the time dilation between the outside world and the Inner World is of 1:5, meaning that a day outside is five inside of here, hopefully, this can aid you in assessing your gains while also making sure to rest and smell the roses a bit]

[Time dilation can be enhanced by upgrading the overall Inner World!]

A million system windows popped up in front of my sight, telling me about the wonderful Inner World capabilities.

Since when you have been this nice, System?!

I remember how sadistic you were on the first day!

Well, whatever…

So one day spent here is around 4 hours outside? That's sweet.

I really needed a place like this to relax… the outside world is way too unpredictable.

And it seems that no normal being can access this place unless they have some kind of spatial manipulation power.

Well, then… there are a few that could. Especially the giant tentacle from the sky, or those shiny celestial guys that went straight to new York to blast it into pieces…

Still, as long as they don't find me, I am good.

"It says that I can upgrade this entire piece of land even more, and additionally, I can even purchase things to add wild animals, fish, plants, and more… So it is really like some farm game," I said.

"Oh! That's quite amazing, Master," said Anna.

"Indeed, while we relax from the chaotic apocalypse outside, we can live the farm life! I can't wait to grow cute little ducks~ So we can eat them!" said Kireina, licking her lips.

"…Well yes, ducks are delicious, but don't call them cute if you plan to eat them!" I said.

"Fufu, I was joking~" chuckled Kireina.

In the end, Kireina and Anna began to cook some food inside the house while I went into the farm to check what I can buy, especially things such as seeds and so on.

Maybe we can grow magic carrots or something? I can only imagine the wonders of such a thing.

I quickly flashed into the flat dirt land and a sudden system window popped up right in front of my face, startling me a bit.

[Welcome to the Farm! In here, you can purchase all sorts of seeds of different magical plants found across the many dimensions, new and greater crops can be unlocked as the Farm Ranks Up!]

[To Gain Farm EXP, simply buy seeds, plant them, and take out the crops!]

[Special fertilizer can also be bought for the plants to grow faster!]

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 78 - Inner World Status And Annexed Lands


-----

So I was surprised a bit, but there's a whole status for the entire Inner World, which is not the same as my own status. This surprised me quite a bit.

…

<Inner World System Function>

[Inner World Owner]: [Gustav]

[Main Land]: [Verdant Grassland: Rank 1]

[Main Land Special Areas]: [Magic Farm: Rank 1], [To be unlocked], […]

[Annexed Lands]: [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Grounds]

[Inner World Traits]: [Artificial Weather], [Time Dilation: 1:5], [Enhanced Essence Recovery]

<Main Land Status>

[Verdant Grassland]

[Main Land Rank]: [Rank 1]

[Land Magic Essence]: [E-Grade]

[Land Quality]: [E-Grade]

[Land Size]: [E-Grade]

[Traits]: [Small Forest (F-Grade)] x1, [Clear Water River (F-Grade)] x2, [Small Lake (E-Grade)] x1.

<Main Land Special Areas Status>

[Magic Farm]

[Special Area Rank]: [Rank 1]

[Farm Quality]: [F-Grade]

[Farm Size]: [F-Grade]

[Soil Nutrients]: [F-Grade]

[Soil Freshness]: [F-Grade]

[Soil Humidity]: [F-Grade]

[Soil Magic Essence]: [F-Grade]

[Traits]: [Enhanced Plant Growth Speed (E-Grade)]

[Plants][Current Slots: 60]: [None]

…

Whew, as you can see, it has a lot to take in.

But I like the detailed information, it gives a nice insight about everything that is inside of my Inner World, alongside the farm itself and other things.

It seems that there were things such as Alchemy Atelier and Animal Farm Functions which I am yet to unlock, most likely after the System's Rank increases again or another thing…

Ding!

[You can enhance the System EXP through the development of your System Functions, Inner World is the easiest way to gain System EXP]

Oh, thanks for the info, System, I get it.

So the more I develop this place, the more the System gets near its Rank Up? I do wonder if the Rank of the System might be related to the Inner World or the Farm?

Ding!

[Although their growth is connected, they are not the same]

Oh… Quite attentive to my thoughts, aren't you? Don't go spying on my mind, alright?

…

I guess it didn't answer now, of course…

Anyways, it seems that I can use Gold to purchase all sorts of stuff in the Farm Shop, and also use Gold to upgrade the Traits or even buy fish and wild animals? Interesting… But would these wild animals or fish disappear after we hunt them and eat them? Then what's the point? Wouldn't it be better to just find other food?

Ding!

[Animals and plants can quickly multiply within the Land, so it is not likely for them to disappear completely. The more there are, the higher the quality of everything will be, and more EXP will be earned for those functions]

Interesting, so the System just answers my questions, alright, I suppose it doesn't read my mind, what a relief.

Wait, can I bring animals and plants from the outside?

Ding!

[Yes, but they won't be part of the system, nor they will enhance its EXP unless they possess high amounts of magic essence]

I see…

Alright, time to waste some Gold, I got a bunch now, System, show me the Shop.

Ding!

[The System has sorted out the seeds and items you can currently purchase, and which are recommended]

<Shop>

[Bronze Carrot Seed (F-Grade)][Price: 200 Gold]

[Vitality Tomato Seed (F-Grade)][Price: 400 Gold]

[Walking Radish Seed (F-Grade)][Price: 400 Gold]

[Lesser Soil Quality Fertilizer (F-Grade)][Price: 1000 Gold]

…

Huh, not as much as I thought.

So I got 60 slots… and each seed costs that much?

I would guess that carrots cost less because they only net a single small carrot, meanwhile, a tomato plant could give a lot, and can keep producing them too.

And the walking radish? I have no idea, but it is probably related that it can walk and maybe it grows to disproportionate sizes…

Wait, then wouldn't that be more like a monster?

…Well, whatever.

And then there's the Soil… How much land does it cover?

I check its info and it says that it covers 10 slots… so I have to buy six.

Let's buy 20 Carrots, 20 Tomatoes, ad 20 Walking Radishes, alongside 6 Lesser Soil Quality Fertilizer then, so it is all perfectly balanced.

Ding!

[You exchanged 26000 Gold!]

[You acquired [Bronze Carrot Seed (F-Grade)] x20, [Vitality Tomato Seed (F-Grade)] x20, [Walking Radish Seed (F-Grade)] x20, [Lesser Soil Quality Fertilizer (F-Grade)] x6!]

Poof!

Suddenly, a bunch of items emerged out of thin air with an explosion of white smoke.

Six sacks of fertilizer, and three packs of seeds, with 20 each.

Oh boy, alright let's get to it.

I called Ervas and Vudia to aid me on this, as they were mostly free.

Ervas was good at using Plants, in fact, because he was a Druid, and somehow was able to enhance the seeds through the [Plant Enhancement] Spell he usually uses on his tamed plants to become stronger than they are.

We slowly poured the fertilizer over the soil and mixed it in, afterwards, we planted each plant in a row, and then added some water into it.

After roughly half an hour, we were done.

We watched over the soil and… nothing much was happening, but perhaps after a day or so… It did say that the speed of the plants growing was hastened.

After that, I decided to leave the rivers and lakes for later, and quickly moved to the other annexed lands, the Monster Hatchery, and so on…

When I reached the Monster Hatchery, it looked like a small floating island annexed to the Main Land through a bridge.

When we got there, it looked like a small little house made of wood resting over a grassy piece of land, floating in the sky.

It was surrounded by a natural wall of trees around it, and the place inside the house also had straw… There was no one inside as I had imagined, well, this wasn't really Pokémon at the end.

Ding!

[Welcome to the Monster Hatchery, in here, you can leave up to four Tamed Monsters to rest, if they are compatible, they can also be crossbred and lay an egg for you, where a powerful pet could hatch from!]

[Items and other things can also be randomly produced here based on the stronger the monster you let rest inside, even gold could be produced over time]

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 79 - Depositing Monsters


-----

So this System Function was quite interesting, it didn't have a System Status like the others, but it showed off in the Main Land Status.

Much like the other Annexed Lands, it has a limit of how much you can put inside.

For the moment, I had thought about putting Cuco in here… But I don't think that I would like to do this to my cat… I mean, wouldn't I be forcing him to mate with non-cats?!

Well, maybe he is not compatible with any of them…

I checked into the System as I saw the four Monster Pets I had. I could easily bring them here by summoning them, so I quickly brought them.

After leveling and evolving through the last battles, all of them had already reached A-Rank in strength, which was a pretty big jump… And they were enormous, thankfully the wooden house was also gigantic.

Cuco had evolved into a [Basilisk-Tailed Venomous Abyss Shadow Panther (A-Grade)], and his stats were quite high for a former house cat! He also gained the ability to release deadly venom that can petrify enemies, although it is not too OP, as it only covers them with rock and difficult their movement.

The Viper became a [Golden-Eyed Horned Black Scaled Venomous Viper (A-Grade)], its size was quite big, but mostly because it was very long, reaching almost 20 meters. It learned the ability to release sparks of electricity from its big horn.

The Bee Queen became a [Giant Steel-Stinger Black Demon Bee Empress (A-Grade)], her size tripled since her first time being tamed and fused, and it had a gigantic stinger made of metallic material that exuded a deadly poison too. It looked more like a wasp than a bee now.

And lastly, the Spider became a [Grand Crimson Armored Poisonous Demon Spider Tyrant Empress (A-Grade)], its size was almost 20 meters, and its entire body was coated by a powerful metallic exoskeleton. She looked deadly and ready for battle.

So I decided to put all four inside, I doubt there will be any egg soon, but the passive gain of EXP for all four of them will be useful.

The moment I did, all four of them suddenly entered the house willingly and went to rest… I guess they were tired.

Ding!

[Cuco, Basilisk-Tailed Venomous Abyss Shadow Panther (A-Grade)], [Golden-Eyed Horned Black Scaled Venomous Viper (A-Grade)], [Giant Steel-Stinger Black Demon Bee Empress (A-Grade)], and [Grand Crimson Armored Poisonous Demon Spider Tyrant Empress (A-Grade)] have been deposited in the Monster Hatchery! 4/4]

"That was rather simple… Will we get a little abomination out of this later?" wondered Ervas.

"…Don't make me imagine it," I sighed, as we walked away.

After that we moved to the other floating island annexed to the mainland, it looked gloomy and dark, and even the atmosphere around it suddenly changed, as if it were night, and there was even the illusion of a white moon atop the sky when we entered this place.

It was filled with green grass that looked rather dark before the moonlight, and a lot of graveyards… There was also a lot of phantasmal essences everywhere, so this could nourish the Undead raised through my Necromancy.

"This place seems quite gloomy, perfect for the newly raised undead," said Ervas.

"Bring them out, papa!" said Vudia, flying around me.

I quickly took out 8 promising Goblin Zombies, the best of the best… well, the ones that I found less rotten and fallen apart, which included some of the Shamans and the Generals.

All eight of them walked into the graveyards and walked around aimlessly… I guess that's it? And we just leave them here for now.

After that, we moved into the Training Grounds!

It looked like a small flat land of dry dirt, with many wooden furniture used for training, there were also dummies to fire arrows or attack with weapons and other stuff… The place had around the same size as the other annexed lands.

In this place, Summons could be left to train endlessly, sharpening their senses, skills, and gaining EXP over time while also producing Hero Feathers and Hero Fragments randomly.

Though I didn't want to leave anyone in here for now, maybe I will mass summon soon enough, and that's when I will get a few of them in here.

After we were done checking out the areas, we slowly walked through the beautiful grasslands and forest, and reached our home again, where we saw something interesting…

The plants had already begun to grow! In this… half an hour? A tiny little branch had already popped out of the seeds…

This was indeed fast! It wasn't instantaneous, but perhaps after a day or two, they might be fully grown… Now that's nuts.

If I remember correctly all these plants had special properties, the Bronze Carrots could be eaten to slowly get proficiency for the Bronze Skin Skill, enhance Defense and Vitality, and its effects could be enhanced if it were cooked by a good chef…

The Vitality Tomato enhanced… well, Vitality the most, while also giving some strength. But the effects should be visible after eating many, I guess. And if it's cook, it might enhance them. Additionally, the tomatoes gave proficiency for [Augmented Stamina] Skill and [Endless Sexual Stamina] Skills too… Erm, well, I can see that it might be treated as an aphrodisiac in its original world.

And the Walking Radish enhanced Mana and Magic a bit, so you need to eat a bunch to notice any difference. It might also give some proficiency to learn the [Enhanced Mana Recovery] Skill or the [Magic Augmentation] Skill…

I can't imagine what could plants of higher ranks even give them… Imagine an S-Rank Apple or something. What could it ever give? Immortality? The knowledge of the universe?!

Well, I am getting too ahead of myself, but for now, the future seems quite promising. The gold spent was truly worth it.

After everything was done, we entered the house and had a relaxing dinner with Kireina and Anna, who had cooked more of the Cricket meat, while also making noodles with meatball using goblin meat, which was surprisingly tasty…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 80 - She's Intense...


-----

…

<Inner World System Function>

[Inner World Owner]: [Gustav]

[Main Land]: [Verdant Grassland: Rank 1]

[Main Land Special Areas]: [Magic Farm: Rank 1], [To be unlocked], […]

[Annexed Lands]: [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Grounds]

[Inner World Traits]: [Artificial Weather], [Time Dilation: 1:5], [Enhanced Essence Recovery]

<Main Land Status>

[Verdant Grassland]

[Main Land Rank]: [Rank 1]

[Land Magic Essence]: [E-Grade]

[Land Quality]: [E-Grade]

[Land Size]: [E-Grade]

[Traits]: [Small Forest (F-Grade)] x1, [Clear Water River (F-Grade)] x2, [Small Lake (E-Grade)] x1.

<Main Land Special Areas Status>

[Magic Farm]

[Special Area Rank]: [Rank 1]

[Farm Quality]: [F-Grade]

[Farm Size]: [F-Grade]

[Soil Nutrients]: [F-Grade]

[Soil Freshness]: [F-Grade]

[Soil Humidity]: [F-Grade]

[Soil Magic Essence]: [F-Grade]

[Traits]: [Enhanced Plant Growth Speed (E-Grade)], [Enhanced Soil Quality] (Temporal)

[Plants][Current Slots: 60]: [Bronze Carrot Seed (F-Grade)] x20, [Vitality Tomato Seed (F-Grade)] x20, [Walking Radish Seed (F-Grade)] x20

…

As I finished eating, I went to take a bath with water we took out of the river and warmed. And as I relaxed in the bathtub, I noticed that the Inner World Status had changed slightly, as it showed the seeds I had planted and also something like a temporal buff given by the fertilizer.

Just as I had expected, the fertilizer didn't permanently enhance the quality of the soil, but it was temporal. Although I don't really know how long it might last, I will probably need to constantly put higher quality soil overtime to make it even better, so it will be a big Gold sink there…

Tomorrow I am going to farm as many monsters as I can… Well, the apocalypse outside is filled with monsters, so there won't be any shortage of EXP and Gold…

Ah… This warm water is really something else, taking such a nice bath after working so hard really does something good to your muscles.

Suddenly, the bathroom door opens as a beautiful lady enters…

"Master~ Let's take a nice bath together, shall we~?"

Kireina quickly sneaked into the bathroom and closed the door, her beautiful body greeting my sight, such a slender and pale-whited body, it is as if she were made of the finest porcelain.

"Sure thing, come here," I said, inviting her over as she quickly put her feet into the water and then the rest of her body, sitting right at my side and resting her head over my shoulder.

"Fwahh~ This is nice…" she said.

"Let's relax for a bit before we go back to the insanity outside…" I said.

"Fufu, sure thing… Even as a Summon, I share a bit of your stress and emotions through our connection, so I can tell that it has been quite the stressful first apocalypse day, hasn't it?" asked Kireina.

She knows me way too well…

"Yes… Well, it is pretty clear…" I sighed.

"It has been quite chaotic indeed… And now that the Inner World goes faster than outside, it means that even after a day here, it will only be a few hours outside… So when we go out tomorrow, it would still be the first day of Ragnarök! Right?" asked Kireina.

"I think so. It will be like a little break," I said.

"Then how about we enjoy it thoroughly?" she asked, as she started to slowly massage my shoulders, which felt very refreshing, she was particularly good at this…

She slowly generated a secretion from her hands which only made the experience better, as if such a secretion relaxed my tense muscles even more.

"Hmm~ Do you like it, master?" she asked, whispering into my ears.

"Hahh… You're way too good at this…" I sighed in relief.

"Fufu, let's go to bed after this, alright~?" she asked.

"I can see that you're eager…" I said, as she gently licked my neck.

We spent a few minutes relaxing, her massages were simply godly, and she often kissed or licked my neck or ears teasingly, only making my boner even harder.

She really knows show treat a man well…

"Can I drink some blood, Master? I am quite thirsty of your delicious and sweet blood~" she said, licking my neck again.

"Alright, go ahead," I said, as she smiled and licked her lips.

Kireina's sharp fangs quickly pierced my neck like a warm knife through butter, I felt a bit of pain, but it quickly went away, as I felt a warm sensation where she was sucking blood. As we are both Vampiric, I suppose drinking each other's blood might be a way to show love with each other…. Or so I think. Maybe she just needs my blood.

"Hmm~ Such delicious blood… Master, you're so tasty~" she said, licking the wound as more blood came out of it, quickly sucking some more.

My regeneration included blood too, so in exchange for some Mana, I was able to constantly generate blood for her to drink leisurely…

After around 5 minutes, she was finished, and my wound closed quickly after.

"Thank you for the meal, I really appreciate it~," she said, as we kissed passionately, her mouth still had the scent and flavor of fresh blood.

Her slimy tongue playfully entered my mouth, as if playing around with me. She quickly caught my tongue and began to suck it with her meaty lips, as our kiss quickly finished while we were still licking each other's tongues lasciviously…

She's intense…

"Let's go to bed for now, shall we?" I asked her, as she quickly jumped off the bathtub and led me to the bed by holding my hand.

Nothing better to freshen up than some passion in the night…

-----

[Name: [Kireina Dark Moon]

[Race: [Crimson Vampire Fairy]

[Stars: [★★★★★]

[Element(s): [Illusion], [Chaos], [Blood]

[Weapon Type: [Spear]

[Level: [48/50]

[Vitality: [68000/68000]

[Strength: [45000]

[Magic: [45000]

[Dexterity: [62000]

[Skills]

[Realm Menace of Lust (S)]

[Vampire (S)]

[Grotesque Transformation: Nyarlathotep (S)]

[Blood Weapons (A)]

[Chaos Ray (A)]

[Illusion Mist (A)]

[Cursed Eye Laser Ray (A)]

[Locked Skills]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Accursed Spear of Chaotic Demise: Khaos (S)]

[Body: [Sin of Lust Charming Set (A)]

[Accessory: [Sin of Lust Jewels of Hypnosis and Blood (A)]

…

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 81 - What Is This?!


-----

As Gustav went into his Inner World, the Planet's Will remained within the crystal, waiting for him to come back.

After fusing her Soul Records with Gustav's Supreme Summoner System, she was able to see part of the powers within his System, and noticed that he acquired new functions, which included a self-contained world inside of a different space…

It was a very intriguing power, and she didn't know how it exactly came to be. But quickly realized that the "space" where Gustav had gone was here, it was in between the endless layers of space known as Spatial Layers.

Spatial Layers were a transcendental piece of the fabric of reality, alongside the Time River, which flowed freely across all the universes.

Those that we're able to manipulate space were able to see the spatial layers and manipulate them in several types of ways, things such as teleporting and more were done by traveling through spatial layers, the areas beneath the reality we perceive as real.

Through her transcendental powers as the core of a planet, she was able to see through this to an extent, and noticed a large bubble in between the spatial layers in front of her… that's where Gustav was.

She noticed that the River of Time, which showed like never-ending flows of energy seemed to go five times as quickly within this bubble.

"I see how it is, so he can relax inside of here while little time happens outside… It has been an hour since he left, he might come back in a bit more… I would say that inside one day here is 5 there, right? Hm… Quite convenient. I wonder if I can speak to him through the System?" wondered Gaia.

"…After all, he received my powers and left as if nothing, I am not trying to force him or anything but… he should be a bit more considerate…" sighed the planet.

After she had fused her system with Gustav, she was now able to influence it to an extent. So she quickly used her soul and mind to generate some kind of "profile" of her own within Gustav's System, and quickly sneaked in, trying to see if she could find him.

Her mind suddenly crossed through the spatial layers, as she reached Gustav's Inner World, appearing within his system inside of his soul, and being able to perceive and see a bit of what he was doing…

And well…

What she found was a beautiful fairy serving her master with a lascivious blowjob, his erected penis was being eaten away by her beautiful red lips, as her saliva spread over his glands.

"Ah… You're sucking it so well… What a good girl…"

"Mfuh… Hahh~ Do you like it, Master~?" She said, quickly taking the large rod out of her mouth as she licked the tip playfully.

The Planet's will was shocked, and almost had a stroke… if she had a heart.

"Eeeh?! W-What is this…?! S-So lewd! I didn't know my Hero would do such things with his Summons… I-Is this even right?" she wondered, floating in midair inside of Gustav's soul in the shape of a glowing orb of white light.

However, although she was surprised, she continued to see through the whole ordeal… until the last bit… Both Gustav and his summon were now sleeping over the bed, as they had exhausted themselves after having a very intense mating session.

The Planet's will swallowed saliva (if she had), as she sighed in relief.

"I-It is over… I know that living beings have to mate to reproduce… B-But I have never seen it up close like this! Everything always was so small… Seeing it all up-close was rather surprising… And… it fills me with curiosity… Ah… S-Should I even have these thoughts?"

Gaia couldn't help but think about sex now, something that a planet should never even think about! Deep down, she couldn't help but wonder what it could feel like to have sex as well, and be embraced by a strong and dominant male such as Gustav.

"Oh my, why am I thinking these things now?" she sighed.

In the end, she ended watching over Gustav and Kireina as the two slept peacefully until the new day came in the Inner World.

"Eh? It's already a day in this Inner World… H-How long have I been watching them sleep? They might end up thinking that I am a weirdo!" sighed Gaia. For being an ancient planet, she was acting very immature and childish, and even rather cute. Perhaps seeing sexual acts had incited her to become a bit like this, or perhaps there were other factors within this. Nonetheless, she was now interested in doing the deed.

"Hmm… Sigh, I have to forget about this, I am a planet… I shouldn't think of myself as the same as these living beings… We are different in many ways it can't be-"

"Who's there?"

Suddenly, Gustav woke up and heard voices speaking inside of his mind, quickly finding out that there was a certain entity within his soul!

"Uwah! Guardian!"

Gustav felt scared a bit, someone sneaking into his soul wasn't normal!

"Guardian?" he asked.

"Ahem… I-I am Gaia, sorry to surprise you there. I had tried to come to talk with you, and used the connection between my Soul Records and your System to do so… I apologize…" she said.

Gustav quickly understood what had happened and sighed in relief.

"Oh… Sorry, I guess I left way too abruptly. Do you need something to tell me?" he asked.

"Indeed, you left quite abruptly so I came here to check on you…" said Gaia, as a sudden system window popped up, showing a little earth-shaped figure moving around like a hologram.

"I can accompany you through your System like this! This way, I can help you detect enemies, tell you information, and more," she said.

"I see, so you're just bored," said Gustav.

"It is a very important thing to help you defeat the enemies attacking our planet! …It doesn't mean I am bored," she said.

"I see… Well, accompany us in breakfast…" said Gustav.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 82 - Chaotic Apocalypse


-----

Around the entire planet, rifts from other dimensions opened, as monsters began to roam everywhere.

Creatures from other worlds of all shapes and sizes, containing all sorts of supernatural powers had emerged one after another, as dungeons also appeared, becoming nests for even more monsters.

It was a complete invasion!

The large cities began to fall just after a few hours since the Ragnarök started, people were being slaughtered without end, as giants, zombies, demons, beasts, and even god-like creatures chased them over.

Each one of such entities possessed their own power systems, different types of cultivation, or even their own world's systems, the more they killed the stronger they grew, some even devoured humans in masses, and others extracted their blood to grow stronger, there were all sorts!

For these invaders, Earth seemed like a perfect playground to get warmed up and prepare for the stronger worlds they would end up traveling into, it was filled with weak animals and humans, they had some sort of power, but it had just awakened and all of them were terrible at using it.

Those that were somewhat using it good enough didn't have enough time to level up and become stronger, and so, those capable of standing against the giant monsters were very few, too few.

Although the invaders had already stopped coming and the "first wave" had stopped, the number of invaders was gargantuan.

A gigantic pandemonium tower had surged from the ground, coming from Hell-like world where demons crawled out from, the sky opened as a gigantic eye glanced from above, extending its gigantic tentacles and sucking the energy of the planet, celestial human-like beings exuding divine powers flew around using legendary weapons, deadly beasts destroyed the land and hunted down anything within their path, and other deadly entities crawled around, trying to find weak prey!

Although they had slowly begun to fight against one another after some time, the larger cities were still falling one by one, the powerful divine entities that Gustav had named Celestials were incredibly strong and malicious, laughing as they fired their legendary and shiny weapons to the cities, generating cataclysmic explosions and killing hundreds in mere seconds.

The screams of the people were like music to their ears, these beings came from a world where there were many like them, who self-proclaimed themselves as "Gods"!

It was an enormous world, a gigantic world existing within an even bigger plane, it was perhaps dozens of times bigger than Earth, and these Gods were a small group who had decided to start the annihilation of lesser worlds to have an advantage in this free-for-all battle royale between dimensions.

There were many such groups of Gods exploring many other lesser worlds similar to earth, using their powers to slaughter anyone they wanted, their power was way above the Mortal Realm, and could easily be said to be true Gods in the sense of both power and capabilities…

However, those lucky enough to evade their deadly attacks were greeted by millions of demonic beasts roaming outside of the bigger cities, easily being caught, and eaten alive, not even their souls were able to rest in peace, as the vicious demons consumed souls quite easily, and used them to gain power and cultivate their demonic cores…

Alongside this, there were still some cracks between dimensions that would remain forever here, connecting this planet to other worlds for anyone to come inside. In such cracks, there were all sorts of different and strange, interdimensional types of energies being infused into Earth.

From the world of the Celestials, rainbow energies of unknown yet divine origins fell over the planet like enormous rivers of glistening ethereal colors. Those that bathed on it would usually die due to the immense power such energy contained, while those that managed to somehow survive would gain strange and enormous powers, but would lose their sanity and turn into divine beasts.

From the world of demons, a black, shadow-like essence started to be infused around, contaminating everything. Those that bathed on it would turn into insane demonic beasts craving blood and war.

From the world of beasts, energies of red, brown, and yellow colors entered, being infused into the local wildlife, and turning them into giant and deadly beasts. Even humans that were showed on it changed, becoming wild beast-men.

And there were many other types of energies spread all around, fusing and also the planet's environment, making of it all a complete chaos! The atmosphere changed colors constantly, as the heavens mutated and generated several layers, while dungeons continued to pop up from the ground one after another, bringing even more beasts and other types of essences into the planet without stopping!

It was a frightening scene to see, and many of the people that we're able to somehow fight against the weakest of beasts didn't even have the time to take care of other people, so they merely escaped, leaving others to die miserably.

The cries of children as their parents died out of nowhere resonated through the cities and towns of the entire world, as the corpses of humans amounted to the millions after millions!

The governments of the countries were taken by surprise, and many were easily annihilated by the almighty power of these creatures, military weapons had almost no effect on the strong beasts, and although some had begun to kill small fry to level up, it was very hard because strong and weak beasts were all mixed together, this wasn't a game after all, in the corner of the street you could easily find a high-level boss while in the other a little Level 1 rat, it was too chaotic to form any organized leveling team to properly raise one's strength.

It was all… pure luck!

Only the luckiest could survive, those blessed by fate, only those could do something to survive and perhaps change the fate of the planet! But how many were there blessed by fate? How many were there strong enough to do anything over this insanity?

Could there be anyone that could change the world and humanity's fate?

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 83 - A Wisp And A Mysterious Egg


-----

Gaia suddenly woke me up, she had sneaked into my System and somehow popped up as a little earth-shaped hologram, floating around me like an annoying fairy from a Zelda game.

"Hey listen! Guardian!"

"You can call me Gustav," I sighed, as I was eating breakfast made by Kireina and the other summons.

"Gustav, you have to hurry up! After this, quickly go outside, we need to save the planet…" said Gaia.

"Don't pressure me… But I already told you I was going to do my best," I said.

"B-But there are so many… lives being lost every second…" said Gaia.

Sigh…

"Look, I told you I was going to defeat the monsters and other invaders and try to save the people. I said "TRY" not that I was going to do it without failing. Nor I said I was going to jump straight into the fry… It would get me killed. Whenever we go outside I will have to defeat as many monsters as I can and quickly grow stronger, but if I got to the big cities, I am going to get killed," I said.

It was true. I might sound like an asshole, but it is true.

"I see… I understand. Sorry for hurrying you up, Gustav," said Gaia, apologizing.

Well, she understood quite quickly.

"Thanks for understanding," I said.

"Well, even then, we have to hurry, if we don't want to lose the extra drops and stuff from the first day," said Kireina.

"Oh, you're right!" I said. I almost forgot that was a thing.

"I did that to incentivize the people to kill the invaders, but it didn't seem to have worked…" said Gaia.

"I wonder, can you make it permanent for me?" I asked.

"Ah, no, I can't. I used a lot of energy to do it. And I don't have much energy anymore. Well, I have it, but if I use it, I will lose too much power and might weaken," said Gaia.

"I see how it is… How can I help you regain more power? By killing the invaders, right?" I asked.

"Yes, as you already know, I can regain power by absorbing a part of the energy of these invaders, which is also converted into items to boost your progress… The more die, the more I recover," said Gaia.

"I see. If you recover enough, we can get more power in return?" asked Ervas, rather curiously.

"I wonder the same," said Anna.

"Yes, the more power I can regain, the more will Gustav and in result, all of you will get… I believe that if you all work together, you should be able to defeat even peak SSS-Rank entities, although it might take some time and effort," said Gaia.

"Hm, we got a lot to grind then! Can't wait, papa! With you and mama, things are always fun no matter what!" said Vudia while smiling cutely. She was sitting over my legs while eating all sorts of small desserts we got from the Walmart the other day, from gelatin, flan, and yogurt… She had a big appetite.

"That's right, I will appreciate your help, Vudia," I said, petting the cute cyclops fairy girl. She quickly began to eat another flan while moving her legs around.

"Hm, well, after we get out, we'll have to rush a lot of stuff, so we better prepare well Master," said Kireina.

"Oh, the plants are growing a bit more…" said Ervas, pointing at the window.

We quickly walked outside to see the seeds I had planted growing a bit more, they had already become full-fledged sprouts, and they seemed healthy and green.

We quickly poured some water over them, and then I decided to check some system announcements…

Ding!

[Monster Hatchery has produced a Monster Egg!]

[Monster Hatchery has produced 1500 Gold!]

[Monsters inside the Monster Hatchery had gained EXP and leveled up!]

[Undead Graveyard has created a new Undead!]

[Undead Graveyard has produced 1200 Gold!]

[Undead Monsters inside the Undead Graveyard had gained some EXP and leveled up!]

Oh! It seems that only after a few hours do we get to see some results straight away…

Cuco and the other tamed monsters leveled once through the night and- there's an egg?!

And there is also a new Undead that just popped up… so let's go check it first.

I rushed into the Undead Graveyard by myself, as I found the new member that had been merely created by this residual phantom energy…

It was… a Ghost of sorts.

It was a small floating flame, a will-o-wisp.

It was B-Grade, quite strong that one would expect of such a small phantasmal flame.

But I also noticed something, two Undead Goblins were gone!

So… they fused to create a new Undead? That's quite interesting… so there is a chance for the Undead in here to fuse and form an even stronger Undead. Though it would be dangerous if it were an Undead I am close to, but I didn't really care about them.

The wisp flew towards me as it rotated around me happy.

"I guess I will call you Wisp for short," I said.

"Foooh!"

It produced a small sound, more like the sound of its flames…

Wisp quickly stuck with me, and I ended putting two more Undead Goblins there for the moment. Wisp might have some talent, so I brought it with me.

After that, I flew towards the Monster Hatchery, where I found an egg in the middle of the house.

I glanced at all four of the monsters, as I wondered who the parents could be… The egg looked very plain, it was white with green dots spread all around.

"Okay, who did this?" I asked, but all the monsters seemed to not know.

"Wait... What? You're telling me that this thing just popped out of thin air?" I asked.

The monsters didn't knew how to speak but were intelligent enough to understand their master's words, and seemed to nod.

Weird… But okay, I guess it is really just like a game.

Let's see…

[Mysterious Monster Egg (B-Grade)]

The egg produced mysteriously inside the Monster Hatchery. Will hatch into a monster after a day.

…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 84 - Summoning


-----

In front of my eyes, there was a mysterious, white-colored egg with green dots on it. It is supposed to have been born from any of the monsters here but… all of them seem to not be guilty.

So how did it even came to be? How did this thing appear here?

No one knows… And it will hatch in a few hours.

Well, let's leave it here for now I guess…

I quickly left the Monster Hatchery and planned to call the monster pets whenever there was any fighting going on.

For now, I decided to summon!

Yes, I am going to summon more heroes, at long last.

Now that my System reached Rank 2, the Summon Function got to Rank 2 and it allows me to get a free summon per banner, which means I got three free summons from the three existing banners, the normal banner, the summer versions banner, and the evil banner.

So I quickly decided to summon in all three of them at the same time, as several magic circles emerged around the holographic window in front of me, summoning three different-colored jewels sparkling with powerful energies…

Three jewels appeared from these single summons. A red-colored one, a blue-colored one, and a black-colored one…

[You summoned the following Heroes]

[Kireina, Ocean Beauty] [★★★★★]

[Aqua, Brave Lake Water Slime] [★★★★]

[Wagyu, Fierce Shadow Wolf Emperor] [★★★★]

Ah… What?!

I got another Kireina… And this is the summer version?! Holy shit...

Wait, what happens if I summon her? Do I get two Kireina at once? This is beginning to resemble those FGO Doujins that include multiple versions of the same character…

Wait, is this how it will be? I don't know what to say…

Ah, right… There is also Aqua, the slime of Demon Queen Rebirth, a tamed monster pet of one of the protagonists, Veronica… And the other is Wagyu, a servant and loyal wolf of Kireina…

All of them seem like they could be useful allies, and my Mana is enough to fuel all their existence at the same time too.

And about their abilities… Aqua has things related to water production and shapeshifting, alongside the change of shape… But I don't see this as much of a necessity as of now. And maybe if there are any Slime Monsters, I might get their Skills dropped, which could be similar to Aqua.

And Wagyu is mostly an attacker and uses shadows, and I just got Shadow Binding, so it is not important either.

And Kireina… Now, this is a unique character. She possesses some of the same Skills as my Kireina, but this one has also a unique axe-type weapon that seems to be infused with powerful water-based magic. And she specializes in that too.

I am a bit concerned about summoning another Kireina, the other one might get confused or angered… I have to ask her first.

I was summoning in the open grasslands near the Monster Hatchery by myself, oh, well, Wisp was floating around me, so I wasn't exactly alone.

I quickly flew back to the house as I decided to ask Kireina over it…

"A-Another version of me?" she asked.

"Yes… Is it weird?" I sighed.

"Well, to be honest… Kind of… But that's how your power works, Master. So don't fret over it. We'll make sure to accept her- Well, me… Ah, this is really awkward, isn't it? But yeah, just feel free to summon her if you desire!" said Kireina.

Certainly, another 5 Star Summon would be very useful, although we would need to level her up all the way to our current levels.

With the amount of Mana I possess, it should be more than sufficient to maintain three more Summons, but I think that could be my limit, especially because summons get costlier to maintain as they level up.

I guess I will summon her and deal with it as we go.

For now, I decided to customize the settings before her creation. Summons are different, by using a jewel, you're creating a completely new lifeform made into the image of a character. They are by no means alive before you summon them, nor do they actually exist. It is like creating your own custom waifu! …It sounds weird, but this entire world is weird so whatever.

Should I give her the same personality as Kireina? Or maybe make it a bit different… I definitely want her to be gentle and motherly… but something else… Oh, instead of Kireina's playful personality, this one could be calmer I suppose.

And done… Now let's summon Aqua and Wagyu first through.

I put the two jewels in the ground as magic circles emerge instantly after my command, the light begins to materialize into two shapes, as new "living" beings are born.

One is a large bluish slime, the size of a dog, which begins to bounce around the moment she's summoned.

"Blob! Master? Are you my Master?" it asked cutely, I had made her personality cute after all!

Damn, it felt like I was crafting my own homunculus to an extent… Is this how Alchemist feels?!

And the large wolf, of almost two meters of height, appears too, with blazing crimson-red eyes and fluffy black fur, alongside a large fluffy tail waving around happily, this was Wagyu!

"Woof! I am at your service, Master! I am glad to have been created to help and serve you…!" it said while waving its tail.

Uwah, it is really an adorable and giant fluffy wolf!

I quickly began to pet Wagyu, he was really very soft…

Actually, everyone began to pet him all around, even Aqua.

"Glad to have you two in the crew," I said, welcoming them as I saw the last jewel…

Alright, let's get to it…

I put the last jewel in the ground like a flash of multi-colored light emerges, forming a magic circle of rainbow color…

FLASH!

A sudden figure emerges from the light, forming and shaping itself… It looks like a beautiful and slender lady, with long hair and horns atop her head, and even fairy wings appear as well…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 85 - Summer Kireina


-----

A beautiful figure, slender legs, a flawless face, sharp crimson-red eyes, silky white skin, perfectly smooth, wide hips, and a large pair of breasts, accompanied by a sexy and tight black bikini, tightly wrapping her lower parts and her breasts, while showing off most of her skin… She also held a large axe infused with the power of the oceans, named the Poseidon's Axe.

Unlike Kireina, her hair was tied up like a long ponytail, and her facial expression seemed near-expressionless, and also quite calm.

"I am glad to have been summoned for you, Master. Being brought to life by your power is the greatest pleasure of my existence. My attire seems to represent that I like the beach, so shall we go there one day?" she asked.

"Ah… Okay? Maybe. Good to meet you," I said, petting her, as she glanced at me expressionlessly but didn't stop me.

"Oh… It is really just me, huh?" asked Kireina while glancing at the new Summer Kireina.

"Oh, it is me?" asked Summer Kireina, glancing at her other version.

The two looked at each other's eyes for some time.

Everyone around me also stared.

Their faces got closer and close until something I didn't expect happened… Both lips touched each other and kissed for a few seconds… It was hot, I have to admit it.

"But why are you kissing?!"

As I asked that, their lips slowly separated as their tongues touched each other's tips for a bit before looking back at me.

"Fufu, it wasn't because we were horny or something, Master, don't worry~!" said Kireina.

"It was because we had connected and fused our minds as one," said Summer Kireina.

"Eh?!"

Wait, summons can do that? System, tell me something!

Ding!

[Apparently, Summons that share the same [Origin] are capable of fusing their minds and souls as one, effectively making them a single being with two bodies and different personalities, but effectively the same]

[This also means that they can merge as one to gain extra power as well]

[However, kissing is not really necessary, touching each other is enough]

Oh, so they still kissed out of being horny… I am going to punish these two tonight in bed for such a lewd showcase in front of everyone else!

"It is interesting to see two Kireina-sama!" said Wagyu while waving his tail.

"The fairies kissed… Blob…" said Aqua.

"That's quite degenerate…" sighed Ervas.

"Two mamas!" said Vudia, flying towards both Kireinas, as they hugged her.

"This is strange… I hope you never summon another version of myself, Master," said Anna.

"I don't know about that! Maybe it will happen…" I said as Anna got all scared.

"Sigh… Okay, but I won't kiss her!" said Anna.

"No one is telling you to kiss her or something!" I said.

"Haha… Right…" chuckled Anna.

In the end, both Kireinas walked towards me and embraced me with their warm hugs.

"Fufu, it felt rather interesting to fuse souls, Master~," said Kireina.

"Indeed… now you're my husband?" asked Summer Kireina.

"Err… Well, yes, but… Wait, we still have yet to make it official…" I said.

"Hm, it is fine," said S. Kireina.

I was being smothered by both of their bouncy breasts, which felt like I was in heaven.

Now I will have to at bed?!

"Well, for convenience sake just address to both of us as Kireina," said S. Kireina.

"Yeah but you two are still two different bodies, so it is very confusing," I sighed.

"Hm… Think about us as twins then! Let's see… let's call her Katrina then? Although our souls are fused, the personalities remain," said Kireina.

"Katrina is a good name," said Katrina, formerly Summer Kireina.

"Well, that was addressed quite faster than I had expected," said Anna.

Katrina suddenly began to whisper to my ears.

"I can't wait for tonight, I am expectant to be bred by my husband…" she said, with a sharp and predatory gaze.

Well, that just happened…

Such unholy woman! I suppose I will really have to punish her…

Anyways, let's leave aside the lewd stuff for later. Now, let's see their stats for now.

…

[Name: [Katrina Dark Moon]

[Race: [Oceanic Crimson Vampire Fairy]

[Element(s): [Water], [Illusion], [Chaos], [Blood]

[Weapon Type: [Axe]

[Level: [01/10]

[Vitality: [1000/1000]

[Strength: [900]

[Magic: [400]

[Dexterity: [400]

[Skills]

[Realm Menace of Lust and Oceans (S)]

[Vampiric Ocean Beauty (S)]

[Grotesque Transformation: Cthulhu (S)]

[Summon Kraken (A)]

[Locked Skills]

[Gate of Atlantis (A) (Locked)]

[Poseidon's Might (A) (Locked)]

[Illusory Ocean Mist (A) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Gargantuan Axe of Raging Oceans: Poseidon (S)]

[Body: [Luxurious Black Bikini of the Sin of Lust (A)]

[Accessory: [Luxurious Sunglasses of the Sin of Lust (A)]

…

Her stats were at Level 1, of course… But they seem quite high nonetheless for being Level 1, mostly because she is a new 5 Star, which means… Power creep is a thing in my System.

Indeed, Power creep is a concept utilized in gacha for newly released heroes who are usually stronger than previously released ones at the start, and this never stops, each year the new heroes become more and more overpowered, completely outshining the fan's favorites of the beginning…

I guess this Katrina power crept Kireina… but Kireina is already high level, so it doesn't matter.

She seems to be more focused on physical damage though, and her giant axe says a lot about it. She also has cool sunglasses.

Katrina is really quite strong from the start though, she could easily decimate even Level 10 monsters, but everything we'll find outside will be most likely of higher-level… Well, she just has to stick with us I guess… I wish I could have summoned her earlier, but I didn't have the free summons back when we went into the EXP Dungeons.

For now, I could leave her in the Training Grounds with Aqua and Wagyu so they can level up passively there, or we could bring them with us and let them attack the monsters we kill so they can leech some EXP…

I guess the last option is riskier because they could easily get defeated, but it is also the quickest, so I guess I will leave them in the Training Grounds for now, and whenever we find a monster, I will bring them to leech EXP.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 86 - Aqua And Wagyu


-----

After checking on Katrina's stats, I moved to Aqua, the cute slime here.

…

[Name: [Aqua]

[Race: [High Lake Water Slime]

[Element(s): [Water], [Ice]

[Weapon Type: [Gauntlets]

[Level: [01/10]

[Vitality: [350/350]

[Strength: [350]

[Magic: [400]

[Dexterity: [500]

[Skills]

[High Water Slime Body Constitution (A)]

[Hydro Master (B)]

[Weapon, Shield, and Armor Technique (B)]

[Locked Skills]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Veronica's Spectral Black Metal Gloves (A)]

[Body: [Veronica's Accursed Full Body Armor Set (B)]

[Accessory: [Lovely Red Ribbon of Friendship (B)]

…

She was a powerful Slime, her Abilities let her manipulate the shape of her body, and even mimicry certain things, while also camouflaging within an area as a puddle of water. Well, I guess that's not so useful. Or is it? Her constitution also helps her dissolve almost anything and regain energy from it.

She can also similarly manipulate water than Katrina, and she had a weapon, shield, and armor techniques because Veronica, her owner in the original story, taught her to use her own Living Armor Body to unleash techniques.

She came with Veronica's gear as well, so she can actually take a humanoid slime-girl form using this armor, looking rather cute.

"Blob! Do you like this form better, Master?" she asked, as her aquamarine eyes sparkled cutely.

"Oh, eighter of the two look great," I said.

"Geez… I wanted you to praise me and say I was cute, gubo!" said Aqua.

"Well, you're very cute," I said, petting her.

She ended very energetic after that and quickly jumped into the Training Grounds, hitting the dummies with her powerful techniques.

Meanwhile, I checked Wagyu's stats.

…

[Name: [Wagyu]

[Race: [Shadow Wolf Emperor]

[Element(s): [Shadow], [Darkness]

[Weapon Type: [Claws], [Bite]

[Level: [01/10]

[Vitality: [400/400]

[Strength: [550]

[Magic: [200]

[Dexterity: [500]

[Skills]

[Shadow Wolf Emperor (A)]

[Blazing Black Fire Fighting Style (B)]

[Shadow Manipulation (B)]

[Locked Skills]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Shadow Claws of the Wolf Emperor (A)]

[Body: [Element-resistant Black Fur (B)]

[Accessory: [Kireina's Shadow Embrace Pendant (B)]

…

Wagyu had a nice status for being Level 1 too, and 4 stars at that. His abilities were all around manipulating shadows and using his natural strength and dexterity. He can coat himself in black flames as well, which come from his previous evolution as a Crimson Wolf King, a type of wolf that was able to use fire.

After he evolved into a Shadow Wolf, he became pretty strong and more unique, but he was still able to use his flames to attack, but now they were black.

His weapon type is Claws and Bite, so I guess there could be more beast-type Summons in the future that is not quite tamed monsters, even if they look like them.

Even Wagyu came with the equipment, which was his own fur, claws, and a pendant that enhanced his capabilities a bit.

He was overall a good and fast fighter, but needed to level up to catch up with us…

"Sorry, but can you guys stay in the Training Ground for now? We'll leave you snacks and a lot of things, and you can go rest in the house too," I said.

"Oh, of course. Summons don't need to eat though, Master, but I appreciate your concern. I will make sure to enjoy your snacks," said Katrina while smiling a bit.

"No problem! I am already practicing!" said Aqua.

"It will be done as you say, Master! Don't concern about us!" said Wagyu.

All three of them rushed into the training grounds and began to practice against the dummies there, who were somewhat immortal and never broke. Although I had tried taking them out and was impossible, it was all indestructible, even the entire annexed land. Sadly, I can't throw it in the face of my enemies.

As everything seemed to be over, for now, I decided to check my current tasks, which had been updated. Although they only took into consideration the days outside, so daily tasks couldn't be done faster while being inside my Inner World.

Ding!

[New Tasks have been generated!]

[Main Tasks]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 400 Foes: [Random Item Box] x2, 5000 Gold, 5000 Hero Feathers, 2 Orbs]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 800 Foes: [Random Item Box] x4, 10000 Gold, 10000 Hero Feathers, 5 Orbs]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 1600 Foes: [Random Item Box] x8, 20000 Gold, 20000 Hero Feathers, 10 Orbs]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 3200 Foes: [Random Item Box] x16, 40000 Gold, 40000 Hero Feathers, 20 Orbs]

[Conquer an Otherworldly Dungeon: [Dungeon Master Crate] x1, 30000 Gold, 10000 Hero Feathers, 10 Orbs]

[Reach SSS-Rank+++: [All Daily Dungeons Ticket: Intermediate/Hard Difficulty] x3, 100000 Gold, 50000 Hero Feathers, 20 Orbs, [Premium Random Item Box] x4]

…

Ohh?! These tasks are literally asking me to slaughter the invaders… Now, this is what I call a nice incentive, System!

I can get a bunch of Orbs, Gold, Hero Feathers, and even item Boxes out of it! I could summon and upgrade so much with that… Man, that's really getting me pumped up. I guess this is the nice thing about Tasks or Quests in games! When the rewards are lame like some EXP, it doesn't incentivize you as much, but if they are openly handling you summoning currency, then it is pretty good then!

Alright then, time to get out of here and into the world outside!

I quickly open a rift that leads to the world outside, as we walk out and meet once more the Dungeon Crystal… Wait, can't I conquer this one to get that task done?

I quickly ask that to Gaia.

"Sorry but I've already conquered this Dungeon myself, if you try to take over me… well, it will damage me, and I've already put my consciousness here…" she said.

"Oh… Well, it was worth asking for," I said.

"Indeed, I hope you had a nice break. Now, I've made you a route that will lead you through a series of monsters and dungeons for a fast leveling, which will also lead you into the closest area with a large population of humans still struggling to survive…" she said, as a map emerged in a holographic window.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 87 - Insane Grinding!


-----

Flash!

A large globe emerged before my eyes as a hologram, showing the entire planet.

Of course, I knew about it already, as I had memorized the entire map of the earth after becoming a Guardian of the Planet itself.

"I've made you a route that will lead you through a series of monsters and dungeons for a fast leveling, which will also lead you into the closest area with a large population of humans still struggling to survive…" said Gaia.

The route appeared like a red arrow, crossing through different areas where we were. The map quickly was shared into my mind as I was able to see the exact route.

It crossed through a large group of demons and that underground tower-like dungeon, alongside what seemed to be the nest of many strange beasts. It reached a small town that was struggling to survive against these monsters.

I guess whenever I find the people I will throw them into my Inner World against their wills, I don't have time to go taking care of each person while fighting giant groups of monsters.

"I see… Got it. Let's do it I guess, the faster we move the better, let's go," I said, as I rushed outside of the Goblin Dungeon, reaching the floor above, where we found a few goblins that had spawned again… So I guess they spawn again? Huh…"

I took out the three summons I had inside the inner Realm and slaughtered the goblins by frying them with my Infernal Flare, Katrina, Wagyu, and Aqua quickly leveled up all the way to level 10 in an instant by the shared EXP.

I spent some gold and feathers to break their level cap and continued to slaughter until the last goblins, at the end, they ended at around level 31, the gold and hero feathers I used breaking their cap were gained again by the monster drops.

I didn't gain much EXP, but I leveled once.

Ding!

[Your Level has increased to Level 51!]

[You gained Skill Points]

There were some Soul Sphere Drops, which I quickly consumed for a little bit of stats, as we continued to fly up into the sky, leaving the entire dungeon ad being greeted once more by the chaotic outside world…

We flew straight through the route that Gaia made for us, as we quickly reached a dense green forest, mostly unaffected by the apocalypse, although there were still a lot of monsters inside roaring everywhere… which meant EXP!

"This forest… I can detect hundreds of beasts in here!" said Kireina.

"Let's make sure to slaughter every last bit of them, let's go!"

I commanded my small army as I took out Cuco and the other tamed monsters while bringing a few Zombie Goblins and Wisp leading them, descending into the ground, and finding a chaotic scene!

Bears, birds, squirrels, ducks, deer, all sorts of natural fauna were being slaughtered and eaten by gigantic versions of them, glowing with powerful auras of vitality and elements, enormous, red-colored bears overflowing with auras of fire, deadly birds the size of a human with long emerald wings and wind auras, squirrels firing projectiles of shadows, and even giant deer with enormous crystal horns… It was as if these monsters were killing their weaker versions…

The giant Fire Bear killed the normal bear and began to devour it, as I sensed within its chest a strange orb that glowed brightly the more flesh it devoured, enhancing its power… Is this some kind of powerup method from the world of this monster? It seemed that these Beasts all seemed to have an orb-shaped jewel in the middle of their chest!

I quickly Appraised them.

[Blazing Fire Bear (A-Grade+)]

[Crystal Stag Deer (B-Grade++)]

[Shadow Squirrel (C-Grade)]

[Emerald Wind Eagle (B-Grade+)]

Oh, they vary in power, but nothing we can't handle! And it seems that there are hundreds of each species!

And yeah, the second we got here, they immediately noticed us!

"Time to wreck the whole forest!" I laughed, as I began to release flames from my staff, shaping them as tens of fireballs and bombing everything!

Delicious EXP, come to papa!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The gigantic explosive fireballs began to fall like deadly meteors over the entire forest, many of the smaller or weaker beasts were burned alive the moment they were hit, agonizingly crying as they died. Of course, the wildlife also died, but I didn't care.

The rest of my army rushed to the areas I wasn't covering, rushing through the forest, and unleashing all kinds of attacks and powers.

Ervas controlled the trees to make them into sharp spears, impaling the smaller and weaker beasts, while Kireina expanded her body into a mass of flesh and started devouring and crushing anything within her path!

Vudia flew near her mother while being protected by her, as she commanded her upgraded gold golems, which also had two new members, as the giant behemoths of gold released sparks of electricity, pulverizing the critters beneath their feet, while Vudia fired gold bullets hyper-charged with electricity.

Anna jumped into the fray without hesitating, crushing the ground with her axe and making waves of spectral black thunder all around, electrifying the beasts that were not resistant to this element, and killing dozens in a single attack!

Meanwhile, Katrina, Wagyu, and Aqua teamed up with Cuco and the other tamed monsters alongside Wisp and the Undead, working as a small army and overwhelming monsters together, crushing them into a pulp!

Aqua's pulverizing gauntlet attacks were amazing, and she was also able to fire strong beams of concentrated high-pressure water. Alongside that, Wagyu used his shadows to sink the monsters it trapped into a small space within shadows, killing them there with his claws and fangs! And Katrina used her giant axe to summon a wave of oceans with each slashing attack, devastating dozens of trees, and beasts around her! She was absurdly OP!

CLAAAASH! BOOOM!

The entire forest filled with beast began to be devastated, as a smile surged on my lips as I continued to release my attacks and gain more and more EXP!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 88 - Burning Through Everything!


-----

[You gained large quantities of EXP!]

[You gained Skill Points]

[Your Level has increased to Level 52!]

[You gained Skill Points]

[You gained large quantities of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 53!]

[You gained Skill Points]

[You gained large quantities of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 54!]

[You gained Skill Points]

The moment we landed here, we began to quickly annihilate anything within our path rather mercilessly. I had no time to sit here and kill these beasts one by one, especially because they were hundreds after hundreds of beasts all gathered within this weird forest, which I was burning to ashes now.

Ecology? Who cares! It's the end of the world, I am just going to burn everything to ashes as long as I can get EXP from it! Of course, my staff here is the greatest player in here, helping me slaughter these monsters with its powerful Infernal Flare!

But let's use the other skills for variety's sake, especially because Fire-type monsters seemed resistant to it, and around a dozen of giant fire bears are rushing at me now…

Let's see… let's try to be a bit chunni with this one!

"Shadows, obey me!" I roared, as the shadows within all around began to move through the use of my Shadow Binding Technique I got from that one Goblin that had it!

"GROAR?!"

The Fire Bears were suddenly surprised by my amazing ability to control the shadows around a few meters from me, these shadows quickly entangled their feet and made them all trip to the ground!

BOOM!

However, they were fierce monsters of high rank, so they didn't let me do as I pleased without fighting or struggling! All the Bears coated themselves in flares and began to roar monstrously at me, firing giant fireballs at my face!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

But it was useless!

I activated my Scarlet Barrier to reflect their fireballs, and also, my ring comes with Fire Spirit Blessing, giving me a greater fire resistance and fire damage inflicted! (This is why I like to spam Infernal Flare).

The fireballs exploded into nothing, as I walked towards the bears and quickly generated flashing holy light from my hands…

"Triple Holy Light Beam!"

With a flashing everlasting light, the three rays of holy light reached the beasts and decimated them on the spot, almost pulverizing them into ashes!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

A sea of loot quickly began to emerge all around the place, soul spheres and all other types of items too, from potions to small accessories, but they were mostly low-ranked stuff.

Nonetheless, I gathered it all into my Inventory while I continued rushing through the place, I came into contact with several giant beasts in the way, especially these enormous wind birds, which died roasted by my Infernal Flare.

However, at some point, I decided to call Wisp and fused it with my Phantasmal Flare to make it even stronger. The result?!

BOOOM!

BOOOM!

BOOOM!!!

Wisp became a gigantic phantasmal fire bomb that continued to fall over dozens of beasts, exploding continuously! It was like those Bomb Monsters from Final Fantasy to an extent…

Wisp wasn't able to speak, but it looked like it was having a lot of fun!

I continued to rush through the battlefield, burning the trees and decimating the beasts. I used my shadows to entrap them or wrap them into the ground, and then I used Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets combined with Infernal Flare and Phantasmal Flare, fusing them into giant fireballs that completely decimated whatever reached me.

The Fire-type monsters seemed resilient enough, but nothing that my Vampiric Eyes of Paralysis couldn't handle, as I continuously paralyzed them on place for a few seconds (which was the max duration), and then released holy light beams over their heads, blasting them and one-shotting them one by one.

The rest of my party also continued this endless slaughter for EXP and resources, as I saw Katrina leveling up frantically, where I had to use gold and hero feathers for her, Aqua, and Wagyu a lot to break their level caps, but it was worth it, and it wasn't as if I was not getting all of them back by the drops of the monsters.

Katrina looked very sexy with that swimsuit, which made me wonder if she would wear it permanently… Anyways, the sexiest part wasn't that, but that she was able to use that giant axe to summon the might of the oceans and unleash powerful oceanic waves against her enemies, pushing the monsters away with the shockwaves generated by the swing of the axe!

BOOOOM!

Alongside that, she had various differences compared to Kireina that were quite noticeable, one of them was that she was able to summon giant tentacles from portals that resembled water puddles generated by her [Summon: Kraken (A)] Skill! She spread them around the battlefield as traps and used them to wrap beasts and smack them into the ground.

Sometimes, she would summon a puddle in midair and summon the giant beak of the Kraken, crushing the giant fire bears that were the strongest of the beasts as of now, easily annihilating them and showering her with both blood and EXP!

Her abilities were very amazing, but after being suddenly surrounded by beasts, she showed off her strongest power, her own version of Nyarlathotep transformation, Cthulhu!

BOOM!

In a second, her entire body became a giant humanoid monster coated in scales and having the giant head of an octopus, with large bat-like wings behind her back… She used her enormous might to crush the monsters with her fits and her axe, it was an amazing show to behold…

[Your Level has increased to Level 55!]

[You gained Skill Points]

[You gained large quantities of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 56!]

[You gained Skill Points]

Excellent! Level 56 was already after just twenty minutes of endless slaughter, and I was getting pretty close to the first task complete.

I rushed around until I found a large number of monsters, these were a bit different, as there were giant moles now named Dark Moles, who were actually A-Rank+!

Using their giant claws, they rushed towards me while tunneling through the ground.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 89 - Beast Massacre


-----

[Your Level has increased to Level 55!]

[You gained Skill Points]

[You gained large quantities of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 56!]

[You gained Skill Points]

Excellent! Level 56 was already after just twenty minutes of endless slaughter, and I was getting pretty close to the first task complete.

I rushed around until I found a large number of monsters, these were a bit different, as there were giant moles now named Dark Moles, who were actually A-Rank+!

Using their giant claws, they rushed towards me while tunneling through the ground.

CLASH!

New monsters emerged as we cut off most of the weaklings, as giant Dark Moles rushed towards us. My team quickly flashed at my side and began to crush these creatures in no time.

Kireina expanded her mass of flesh into the ground, and like a slippery snake, she reached several moles, grasping them with her jawed tentacles and crushing them to death!

CRUSH!

"GGRRRYYYYHHH…!"

She continued to throw them into the surface as she killed them, although I was sure she ate some.

Meanwhile, Katrina was also being formidable, clashing against the powerful claws of these moles and quickly slicing their heads, their claws were strong, but she used her very axe as a shield, and the axe seemed indestructible by normal means. The claws could only clash against them as she pushed the beasts down and then drowned them in her water magic or entangled them with the Kraken tentacles and crushed them afterward.

Ervas had tamed many trees in the way, which he fused into his body and concentrated them into a powerful chimera of plants that surged from his body as gigantic arms of reinforced wood using his spirit of life magic and even unleashing vines of plants to trap enemies and crush them by showering them with bullets of telekinesis. His telekinesis was also evolving more and becoming stronger, he was even able to shoot beams of telekinesis energy now!

If we ever met plant-type monsters, I should let him tame a bunch so he can grow even stronger. I never considered this, but summons could also tame their own beasts…

"Roar!"

Wagyu was roaring furiously, as he rushed through the battlefield and crushed the Dark Moles into bits with his shadows, which he used to entrap them similarly as I did. His claws and jaws were also able to crush their claws too, and he tore through their flesh rather easily, eating the cores that these beasts had, and strengthening himself… Oi! Save some for me! Well, it doesn't matter, there are dozens of more corpses for me to dissect later.

Aqua expanded her body as she devoured monsters entirely, her watery body expanded into a mass of water-slime as she fired bullets of high-pressure water against the monsters, and also entangled them and consumed them by throwing them inside her body and dissolving them… truly terrifying! That's the power of slime for you.

Anna was also fiercely fighting, using her giant axe, and unleashing the powerful black thunder into shockwaves of electricity, reaching all around her and electrifying most monsters and grilling them. Her axe also began to slice them through and using her fighting techniques as well. I saw her practicing her kicks and fists too, by coating herself in black thunder, it was as if she was using armor.

The Dark Moles quickly were extinguished, as a sudden monstrous mole emerged, named Dark Mole King, of A-Rank+++! It was the pinnacle of A-Rank, and seemed rather formidable… if I wasn't S-Rank already!

I rushed towards it and unleashed my aura of mana, infusing it with the Infernal Flare Skill and unleashing a giant storm of flames over it, burning through the giant Dark Mole King, as it unleashed an aura of darkness and released a powerful shockwave of darkness, crushing it against me!

CLASH!

I resisted with barriers of magic and released more of my attacks, holy light beams, infernal flare, phantom flare, and more, but it was unleashing his own attacks and taking not as much damage, or well, he was pushing me away enough for me to not be able to properly damage it in time!

However, everyone quickly rushed to my side and aided me in battle, as we fought the giant Dark Mole King together. Kireina and Katrina teamed up and unleashed a barrage of their powerful attacks, using their weapons in unison as chaos and water combined into a beam of darkness and blue colors, crushing the back of the beast, and then they used their powerful physical strength to push the monster down below!

CLASH!

"GGRRUUUOORR…!"

The mole generated beams of darkness and unleashed them around us, but I quickly caught them and released my own attacks, clashing against the mole now that it had been held… I decided to go all out this time, charging several attacks together into my staff and shaping it as a blade using Sanguine Blade!

The enormous blade of flames and holy light emerged above me, as I charged it with darkness and shadows, and my summons and tamed monsters also added some power into it, alongside Wisp, which infused its entire body into it!

FLAAAASH!

"GGRUUORRG!"

The giant mole roared, shaking the earth, however, I released the slashing attack over its head, as Kireina and Katrina jumped away!

SLAAAASH!

The blade of elements sliced cleanly through the giant Dark Mole, slicing it in half and then burning it!

BOOOOM!

The entire mole has torn apart into pieces, as I glanced at it from above.

[You gained large quantities of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 57!]

[You gained Skill Points]

"Whew, that was an explosive finale…" chuckled Kireina.

"Master, the entire forest has been emptied… although there are more beasts ahead," said Katrina.

"Yeah, I can sense them, there are more of these beasts. They seem to have come from a world where creatures had Beast Cores inside, or something," said Ervas.

"Shall we continue then?" asked Anna.

"Yes, let's go…" I said.

We continued flying through the skies, rushing through the route made by Gaia after I gathered all the items dropped and decided to leave them for later, at least, I wanted to quickly reach the next level cap to enter my Inner World and take a brief break there.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 90 - Amazingly Fast Progress And...


-----

I checked my status after leveling so much while we flew directly towards our destination while preparing for the monsters we'll meet.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [132.126]

[Hero Feathers: [38.545]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [72.861]

[Existence Rank: [S-Rank++]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [57/60]

[Vitality: [40500/40500] [Growth Per Level: 1500]

[Mana: [102400/102400] [Growth Per Level: 3200]

[Strength: [38500] [Growth Per Level: 1500]

[Magic: [59100] [Growth Per Level: 2300]

[Dexterity: [32100] [Growth Per Level 1300]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Planet's Guardian: Earth (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)], [Shadow Bending (B)], [Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)], [Dagger Technique (D)], [Malicious Surprise Attack (D)], [Stealth (D)], [Accursed Vampiric Eyes of Fearful Paralysis (B)], [Great Curse Caster (B)], [Divine Exorcising (B)], [Triple Holy Light Beam (B)], [Necromancy (B)], [Death Domination (B)]

…

I gained a nice and substantial amount of stats after so much leveling, the stat growth has increased a lot, so I get a sizable amount of power per level, which is more than nice.

Also, I gained another "+" in the S-Rank Existence Realm, meaning that I am already halfway through the next Realm! Is this what I would call leveling cultivation? Seeing how there are Realms and all, instead of just endless levels… Well, yeah, I suppose it is a good mix between Cultivation and LitRPG Novel elements. I liked to mix such tags the most usually, so I guess I am very familiar when all of this stuff came to real-life…

Hah… Though, this apocalypse really looks like an endless grind at this point, at the very least I got my Inner World to escape from reality, but still, there's work to do if I don't want everything to end. And well, I cannot get stuck with this level, I have to level up as fast as possible and as much as possible! Hence, I have to work very hard, nonstop hard work!

Ugh… For a neet that loved to write web novels, though, this change of pace is quite something!

Nonetheless, writing novels was also hard work by itself, especially because I was writing so many.

You see, I was really trying to get as much money as possible so I could retire comfortably… but then boom! The world is ending, apocalypse, monsters, aliens, dungeons… Ugh, all the fantasies I always dreamed of became real, but that also includes a bunch of hardworking, physical hardworking!

Good thing I seem to have been blessed with what we would call "OP MC".

Nonetheless, OP MC always get fucked over when they get cocky so the author can have a reason to develop their character, but this is why I am not going to get overconfident… well, not with things that can actually kill me, but against mobs of lower ranks… well, let's say I am going to get pretty wild there.

Though I have to admit it, I hate to fight battles I cannot win, so, I will prepare as much as I can and always target weaklings to grow stronger, if I always target stronger beings, I am bound to get killed.

Unless there is somewhat a life-changing opportunity by doing so… or I am desperate to survive…

Though, thanks to the powers of the Guardian of the Planet, there are some trump cards I could use… perhaps killing a strong guy using such conditions might work… What if I find something one or two realms bigger than me, but I suppress it and seal part of its power and then we blast him away? I know it has some cooldown, but this way we could slowly pick up those OP Celestials or the Aliens, or more, and slowly cheat my way up.

I can't imagine the amazing loot I could get by fucking killing those monsters… Could you imagine what I could get by killing a Celestial? Or that giant tentacle up there? No… I don't think I can really kill any of them even with my powers as a guardian, the gap is way too wide for me, I really need to first level up a lot and reach higher Realms!

But how? Well, by killing all these hundreds of mobs! Good thing the system aids me with rewards in tasks, and the summons also level up and can reach a certain level of power too, if we all work together… it could work, we could really save this entire fucked up scenario, somehow…

And then, Gaia emerges as her holographic figure.

"Guardian, there is a large signal of humans down below!"

"EH? But weren't they farther away?"

"I don't know… but these are definitely humans, they seem to be from another town which I thought had been completely destroyed… please, could you go see?" asked Gaia.

"Okay, let's go down!"

Everyone obeyed me as we reached down below, the surface this time was another giant forest, this time, it was mutated, however. The entire forest had undergone some changes I didn't expect, and it became those forests you see in fantasy novels or comics where elves would live, the trees were gigantic, reaching high in the skies, and blocking the sun quite easily. It was really quite shocking…

And then, we saw several figures down below, humanoid figures fighting giant monsters, they were somehow… defeating them?!

"Humans… more humans, at last, Master!" said Kireina.

"Indeed… But they seem weird, since when have humans had animal features?" asked Katrina.

"Eh? Beast-kin?" asked Ervas.

"Wait, what?!"

We reached down below and what we found were… a large group of dozens of humans with many animal characteristics using powers against the beasts, they seemed to be working as a group!

What happened with these people?

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 91 - The Life Of A Survivor


-----

Javier's life had changed from one second to another, in a blink of an eye. The moment he opened his eyes again, the world had suddenly begun to shake, the sky ripped apart, monsters emerged, everything was engulfed in chaos.

He was but a mere man in his mid-twenties, after he invited his parents to a small town for summer weekend where he had a cabin, he had enjoyed the weekend until… well, everything changed.

Within the town, many people suddenly died one after another, it was chaos and horror like he had never seen before. Giant beasts the size of elephants appeared, of all shapes and sizes, and showcasing fantastical powers.

However, amidst the chaos, there were strange holographic windows that popped up in front of his eyes, and those of everyone.

He was confused at first, very confused, and ran away for his life, somehow managing to use the car to run with his family, some other people had managed to escape too, but they were met with an even bigger surprise.

At some point in the middle of the road, a large hole in the sky opened and red, yellow, and brown-colored ethereal light began to come out, bathing over all of them.

At first, they thought it was nothing much, maybe some optic illusions, but a second after, they were suddenly attacked by giant wolves who were able to spit fire or control the wind, while their cars were crushed and launched into the air.

And the second after that, he and his family, and those that had somehow survived all of this realized that something strange was happening to them… their bodies were strengthening themselves as a heavy and strange orb emerged in their chests.

Javier realized that his arms and legs began to grow with long blonde fur, and so did his chest, his jaw became filled with razor-sharp fangs, and his ears grew sharp and big like those of a wolf too, his nails became sharp claws, and his muscles became around three times their original size!

It was a painful transformation, but he and those at his side had somehow managed to withstand it within the seconds that it lasted.

Surrounded by wolves, Javier and his family who had suddenly transformed into half-animal people panicked, even more, they were completely confused about what they were and what was happening anymore, many were already having mental breakdowns, and they were going to be soon consumed by the wolves…

However, Javier somehow felt a rush of adrenaline, something rushing through his veins, something that told him to fight!

Fight! Kill! Survive!

His yellow-gold eyes flashed with eerie light she leaped over one of the giant, three-meter-tall wolves with furious and savage speed, reaching its head and using his sharp claws to destroy their eyes, his fangs crushed the wolves skin and even the skull, as he suddenly gained some strange lightning power of sorts, which he used to enhance his body and made himself even faster, crushing the wolf as if he had become an even fiercer beast!

BOOM!

The corpse of the giant wolf fell over the ground as his entire body was coated in blood, he suddenly felt a rush of energy as he saw that he… leveled up! And even gained Skills?! That's what the holographic window showed!

Before the wolves were to devour his family and those with him, Javier had already taken a big wolf down in an instant, the other wolves glanced at him with fear, as Javier roared like a furious werewolf, telling his people to fight and use their animalistic powers to kill the wolves!

It was sudden, but if they wanted to survive, killing these beasts was the only option, the world had turned into a dog-eat-dog world!

His family and the people that had survived quickly roared, using their different animalistic appearances to fight against the elemental giant wolves, crushing them by combining their strength. Although they fought rather clumsily, they were still able to do good work, and somehow managed to decimate the wolves by working together!

After defeating the wolves, their animalistic instincts began to take over them, as they realized they had changed, and they were all hungry as well… No matter what, Javier wanted everyone to survive somehow! He decided to eat the wolves, as something within him told him that it was the right thing to do… something transcendental within his very mind.

He and his family and the other people that survived broke apart the wolves they defeated, and devoured their flesh eagerly, even finding the giant orbs within these wolves and devouring them as well, suddenly feeling an enhancement to their capabilities like they had never felt before…

After that, they had been slowly hiding from monsters and ambushing anything that they thought they could take down, slowly exploring the forest around the wolves they killed, only to find a giant pack of Thunder Wolves, who were coated in electricity and incredibly fast, they were a match for Javier's strength, and the concern about to being able to properly protect his people began to grow more and more within his face… he needed to do something… anything! He had to fight, he had to act!

He fought desperately and took down some of the wolves, but the pack was made of over thirty, and his stamina was infinite, some of the people with him were already being torn apart, and his family was fighting at his side desperately, but were being ultimately overwhelmed…!

The wolves rushed towards him ad pushed him down, his body suddenly felt weak as his orb in his chest weakened and seemed to be hungry again, his power banished into nothing as he was about to be devoured…

"No… It can't end like this! I have to… survive… mother…. Father!"

Javier cried as he saw his parents about to be devoured, he tried the hardest to move his body, to do something! But… he was not that lucky anymore. It was already a miracle that he had somehow survived until this point…

However.

FLASH!

"GGRRRYAAOO…!"

Suddenly, the wolf that was about to gobble him began to burn!

"EH?!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 92 - Beast-kin? ...And Level 60!


-----

"GGRRYAAOO…!"

The Giant Thunder Wolf that was about to devour that half-wolf guy began to burn with the use of my Infernal Flare, it was an A-Rank++ monster, so it was fairly strong, but I spammed it Infernal Flare into fireballs until the bastard died grilled alive.

I flew down below as I saw my party quickly finish off the other giant wolves, and then I glanced at the strange people that Ervas had pointed out.

Really, beast-kin?

Beast-kin are popular in most fantasy fiction, they are half-beast and half-human people, sometimes they only have little features such as a tail and ears, or sometimes they are full-on furries with the heads of animals and all…

But these guys were the other kind, those that are still like people but covered in fur or scales in some areas, have tails, and sharp fangs and claws, alongside ears of animals.

I checked the status of the guy I just saved from being eaten as I discovered that his name was Javier Gutierrez, and seemed to have mutated into a Beast-kin through some strange means, but he was a human, at least a former human from earth.

But now… how odd, why did he become a beast-kin out of nowhere?

I asked Gaia but she had no idea either.

"I can detect life forms, but the amount of different phenomena's brought from all these dimensions is way too big, it is very hard for me to understand them… But I would guess that something triggered such a mutation. Although it doesn't seem to be so bad, as it helped him and those with him to survive up until this point," she said.

The beast-kin group glanced at my group with awe and were surprised over some of them.

"Y-Your group… is way stronger, did you use this hologram thing to become stronger? A-Ah, sorry, thank you for helping us out… After transforming, my mind feels way too dizzy so I cannot articulate… words properly," said Javier.

The other people also seemed thankful, as some pointed out if we were also beast-kin, as they saw Kireina and Katrina with butterfly wings and thought they had become butterfly beast-kin, or that Anna had become a squirrel beast-kin… The same with Vudia and the rest.

It would be way too troublesome to reveal that I got a system to summon powerful beings, so I lied.

"More or less, we were just as lucky as you, I managed to tame some monsters too, if you defeat them and force them to obey you, they will become tamed," I said, also answering one of the questions they had over our tamed monsters.

"Amazing… Ah! D-Do you know what's happening?! Is this the apocalypse? Is God finally done with us and has decided to punish us? T-This means that those that didn't go to the heavens are us…!" said Javier.

Ah… Well, if I were religious I would also think the same, bud, but nope…

Well, I might as well go with the flow and act as if I don't know anything.

"I have no idea, I've just been surviving by killing a monster with my family here… I have a strange power that lets me open a portal to inner space, please, get inside, it's safe there!" I said, quickly inviting everyone inside my Inner World after we finished off the wolves that were roaming around, which gave me enough EXP to finally hit the level cap.

Ding!

[Your Level has reached Level 60!]

[You gained Skill Points]

Of course, we also took all the loot and the corpses inside, and then we went in to take a quick break and also to speak with these new people. It was nice to finally find someone.

Javier and his party were naturally amazed by my power.

"T-This is surreal… Am I dreaming? We just… entered into a world…" said Javier.

"This place is so beautiful…"

"And peaceful too!"

"Hahh… I can finally take a break…"

The people began to finally relax, sitting over the grass and bathing in the light of the illusory sun of my inner world.

They were around eight people including Javier, and there were three corpses as well, which I retrieved too, for experiment-sake.

I checked their status to see that they were all indeed Beast-kin, and some of them had special and unique Skills that their beast-kin race had. Their strength was on average B-Rank, while Javier was A-Rank, they were strong right off the bat by just mutating into this beast-kin, but they had a weakness that Javier told me as I invited everyone to take baths, change clothes and also eat with me.

"It seems that the Orb that gives us our animal powers weaken when we use too much Stamina, we can regain stamina by eating monsters and their Orbs, but after fighting too much and using our powers, we weaken again due to the lack of stamina… It brings a lot of power but if we run out of Stamina, we become once more normal people," said Javier.

This was… interesting. I wonder if I can get a Beast Orb as well? I should be able to if I expose myself to the mysterious light that caused a mutation to them…

"It is most likely that the light that mutated them came from the crack that leads to another world's dimension… But telling this to him would only confuse him more. I recommend you convince them to join your group for now and make them grow stronger at your side, they could become useful," said Gaia.

I guess we have to play the Hero Card.

I suppose they don't have anywhere to go either, so they cannot reject my offer.

"I see… Everyone, my group is quite strong, but we believe that before this apocalypse, we are not near as strong, so we really need any help we can get. Would you be able to join our group? We can guard each other's backs as we survive together in this insane world," I said.

Javier and his group discussed things for a bit, although they were nervous, they couldn't really say "no" to me, especially because I saved their lives…

Heh…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 93 - Changing Jobs


-----

Javier and his group couldn't really reject my offer, especially because they didn't have anywhere to go. It was us or the outside world, only to be eaten by the monsters they can't defeat.

I had also saved their lives, so they were pretty grateful. And even more, people obviously will stick with the strong, they saw how we decimated the wolves like nothing, so they will obviously want to stick with us because it has the highest chances of survival compared to going out into the wild by themselves.

I could actually ask Kireina any time for her to easily brainwash them with her Illusion Magic and Charm, but I wanted to do things like a civilian for once. Although if they reject me then we'll brainwash them, I have no time to throw some idiots into the wild to get killed.

I am sure that Gaia doesn't care about the means, as long as the mission is carried accordingly to what she wanted, it doesn't matter if we brainwash them, blackmail them, or whatever.

But let's think from a more decent point of view, let's try to be the nice heroes for once.

After some minutes, Javier came back.

"We accept… Sorry for talking it out so much, they were merely babbling about other nonsense… The thing is, can we wait a bit before going out again? Everyone really feels way too exhausted and… we want to rest and assess things out," said Javier.

Perfect, I guess we won't be brainwashing them. These guys are smart I guess.

"Sure thing, the time in here passes differently than outside. One day outside is five days in here, so feel free to relax, the night time in this place will come in a few hours though, but for now, you can still sleep and relax, my home should have enough extra rooms, I'll get you some beds," I said.

I quickly put some extra beds into the empty rooms, these beds… I got them from Walmart, of course!

Anyways, after they were left there, I quickly walked out of the house and left Wisp watching over them, for reassurance, of course.

It seems that after they're done fighting they revert back to human appearances, but the Beast Orbs in their chests are still there.

Now, there's a lot of loot we gotta assess, so I will go slowly with this stuff one by one… But for now, let's check my status.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [153.237]

[Hero Feathers: [43.631]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [86.972]

[Existence Rank: [S-Rank+++]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [60/60]

[Vitality: [45.000/45.000] [Growth Per Level: 1.500]

[Mana: [112.000/112.000] [Growth Per Level: 3.200]

[Strength: [43.000] [Growth Per Level: 1.500]

[Magic: [66.000] [Growth Per Level: 2.300]

[Dexterity: [36.000] [Growth Per Level 1.300]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Planet's Guardian: Earth (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)], [Shadow Bending (B)], [Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)], [Dagger Technique (D)], [Malicious Surprise Attack (D)], [Stealth (D)], [Accursed Vampiric Eyes of Fearful Paralysis (B)], [Great Curse Caster (B)], [Divine Exorcising (B)], [Triple Holy Light Beam (B)], [Necromancy (B)], [Death Domination (B)]

…

Ah, they increased rather decently, but they should increase even more after I absorb enough materials and Soul Spheres. I believe that I can also get a bunch of new Skills as there were some Ability Spheres from all the monsters we slaughtered.

Seriously this really feels like we're playing an MMORPG sometimes, just loot after loot… An endless grind until we save the planet, I guess.

But after that, what's next? I guess we'll go battle the universe? Or the dimensions? Maybe I will invade another planet or something, like an Uno Reverse Card on these motherfuckers.

Well, for now, I had gathered a lot of consumable materials, mostly Soul Spheres that granted nice stats, so time to eat them up.

The pile of Soul Spheres of today seems rather tasty, so I quickly absorbed it all into my own body and consumed it all.

FLASH!

The ethereal flows of energy rushed through my body, and I was able to quickly absorb it all into my body, as I felt my muscles enhancing and my blood pumping, oh yes, that's the stuff.

Ding!

[You gained +10.000 Vitality, +12.000 Mana, +8.000 Strength, +6.000 Magic, and +8.000 Dexterity!]

Checking my stats again, they had increased accordingly. The thing that helped the most was… well, everything! The number of Soul Spheres dropped was insane, so it helped nicely.

…

[Level: [60/60]

[Vitality: [55.000/55.000] [Growth Per Level: 1.500]

[Mana: [124.000/124.000] [Growth Per Level: 3.200]

[Strength: [51.000] [Growth Per Level: 1.500]

[Magic: [72.000] [Growth Per Level: 2.300]

[Dexterity: [44.000] [Growth Per Level 1.300]

…

Yeah, this was a great increase, for now, I decided to change Jobs and see what I can get out of it, and afterward, I think I've completed some tasks, so I will grab their loot, and then assess the other loot I got, from equipment to items and more, this also includes the ability spheres. And then I will inspect the monster corpses and see what I can do with their Beast Orbs.

[Available Job Options]

[Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Shadowmancer]

[Phantasmal Death Knight]

…

Three options… The first one is like an upgrade from the Infernal Flare Sorcerer, and the Shadowmancer is still Shadowmancer… Will it evolve into Shadow Monarch or something if I ignore it for now?

And there's also the Phantasmal Death Knight, most likely a fusion of Black Knight and Necrotic Sorcerer…

What should I pick?

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 94 - Amazing New Power


-----

I have decided to change Jobs at long last, so I decided to see the options.

…

[Available Job Options]

[Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Shadowmancer]

[Phantasmal Death Knight]

…

Three options… The first one is like an upgrade from the Infernal Flare Sorcerer, and the Shadowmancer is still Shadowmancer… Will it evolve into Shadow Monarch or something if I ignore it for now?

And there's also the Phantasmal Death Knight, most likely a fusion of Black Knight and Necrotic Sorcerer…

What should I pick?

The thing I spam the most is my Infernal Flare, and well, some of my Phantasmal Flare as well.

I would guess the right option is…

Ding!

[Do you want to exchange 45.000 Gold, 8.000 Hero Feathers to change Jobs into [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]?]

<Yes> <No>

Of course!

FLASH!

The moment I changed Jobs I was showered with an overflowing amount of energy, it was as if an infernal blaze had been lit into my soul and the mana and magic within me were blazing with the power of a furnace…

I felt as if my entire body was being embraced by these searing flames, consuming my entire being, only for me to… be completely okay afterward.

My body strengthened and my muscles felt even sharper than before, my heart was blazing and pumping this fire across my veins, refining my body with the fire of the furnace.

And my soul blazed with this fire as well, filling me with its warmth.

But a second after, it was done.

Ding!

[You changed Jobs into [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[The [Great Sorcerer (B)], [Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (B)], [Phantom Blazing Dark Winds Jewel (B)], [Power Jump (D)], [Scarlet Exoskeleton (D)], [Flare Kick (D)], [Phantom Flare (B)] Skills have awakened into the [Grand Sorcerer (A)], [High-Speed Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (A)], [Infernal and Spectral Blazing Storm Jewel (A)], [Super Jump (B)], [Blazing Fire Exoskeleton (B)], [Infernal Blazing Kick (B)], and [Spectral Flare (A)] Skills!]

[You learned the [Blazing Sun Flame Body Constitution (S)], [Infernal Flare Sorcerer Core (S)]!]

Some Skills finally awakened, while I got two new Skills…

At the same time, my entire body feels as if I was overflowing with fire… This is not as little of an upgrade as I had originally believed.

Just what happened here?!

[Blazing Sun Flame Body Constitution (S)]

Your body has been bathed in the searing flames of the sun and your veins had been activated with the essence of fire itself, your constitution has therefore evolved into a higher form of constitution, your entire body exudes the power of flames.

Your comprehension speed of the Fire Law is increased by 100% while your damage dealt using Fire-attribute attack is enhanced by 100%, Fire-attribute damage towards you is reduced by 50%, and you absorb 10% of that damage into Vitality and Mana.

[Infernal Flare Sorcerer Core (S)]

Your soul possesses a mystical core of infernal flames, as a sorcerer, you've finally awakened your Sorcerer Core, and you had acquired that of the fire attribute. All of your magic related to fire is enhanced in power, effectiveness, and learning speed by 200%. Meanwhile, your aura of flames can damage foes and inflict 10% of your Magic stat as constant damage. Additionally, you can gain essence from Fire Attribute and enhance your power over time, which can be hastened through meditation.

…

What?! This is… Eh? Okay, let's calm down and assess things correctly. It seems that these two skills were the ones that awakened the fire within my soul and body, and this is why I've gotten this feeling of flames rushing through my entire being.

What a crazy mashup of concepts, I was already an Undead being, a Dhampir, with the martial physique of a monk of light, and now I have the constitution of the blazing sun fire and the sorcerer core of flames? Well, that's nice at the end, more power to me.

I guess this already made it clear, for now, let's spam fire as much as we can! Not that I will become a main of fire-attribute or something. True Main Characters aim to master all attributes and be a jack of all trades and master of all, of course.

After this, I decided to check my status…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [108.237]

[Hero Feathers: [35.631]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [86.972]

[Existence Rank: [SS-Rank+]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [60/70]

[Vitality: [65.000/65.000] [Growth Per Level: 2.500]

[Mana: [174.000/174.000] [Growth Per Level: 5.000]

[Strength: [66.000] [Growth Per Level: 2.500]

[Magic: [102.000] [Growth Per Level: 4.000]

[Dexterity: [57.000] [Growth Per Level 2.000]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Planet's Guardian: Earth (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)], [Shadow Bending (B)], [Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)], [Dagger Technique (D)], [Malicious Surprise Attack (D)], [Stealth (D)], [Accursed Vampiric Eyes of Fearful Paralysis (B)], [Great Curse Caster (B)], [Divine Exorcising (B)], [Triple Holy Light Beam (B)], [Necromancy (B)], [Death Domination (B)], [Grand Sorcerer (A)], [High-Speed Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (A)], [Infernal and Spectral Blazing Storm Jewel (A)], [Super Jump (B)], [Blazing Fire Exoskeleton (B)], [Infernal Blazing Kick (B)], [Spectral Flare (A)], [Blazing Sun Flame Body Constitution (S)], [Infernal Flare Sorcerer Core (S)]

…

My stats had increased quite a lot! My Mana and Magic gave the biggest increase, however, and my stat growth had also increased… I am guessing that there is no end to stat increases, right?

Hm… I wonder if this means I will keep getting higher and higher until it is hard to pronounce.

Well, whatever is the case, this increase in stats seems pretty good.

After I open my eyes, I feel like there is a constant aura of flames around me… Can I suppress this?

I tried, and it makes it, so it becomes near-transparent and not effective… At the very least it works.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 95 - New Skills


-----

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [108.237]

[Hero Feathers: [35.631]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [86.972]

[Existence Rank: [SS-Rank+]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [60/70]

[Vitality: [65.000/65.000] [Growth Per Level: 2.500]

[Mana: [174.000/174.000] [Growth Per Level: 5.000]

[Strength: [66.000] [Growth Per Level: 2.500]

[Magic: [102.000] [Growth Per Level: 4.000]

[Dexterity: [57.000] [Growth Per Level 2.000]

[Skills: [Summon (-)], [Planet's Guardian: Earth (-)], [Appraisal (-)], [Phantom Knight's Weapon and Armor Technique (B)], [Great Danger Perception (B)], [High Dhampir (B)], [Fierce Sanguine Blade (B)], [Bloody Unholy Sacrifice (B)], [Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)], [Phantasmal Development (B)], [Shadow Bending (B)], [Green Skin Treacherous Nature (C)], [Dagger Technique (D)], [Malicious Surprise Attack (D)], [Stealth (D)], [Accursed Vampiric Eyes of Fearful Paralysis (B)], [Great Curse Caster (B)], [Divine Exorcising (B)], [Triple Holy Light Beam (B)], [Necromancy (B)], [Death Domination (B)], [Grand Sorcerer (A)], [High-Speed Consecutive Explosive Mana Bullets (A)], [Infernal and Spectral Blazing Storm Jewel (A)], [Super Jump (B)], [Blazing Fire Exoskeleton (B)], [Infernal Blazing Kick (B)], [Spectral Flare (A)], [Blazing Sun Flame Body Constitution (S)], [Infernal Flare Sorcerer Core (S)]

…

After checking on my stats, I discovered I had progressed quite smoothly through this time, it seems that after changing Jobs, I gain an exponential increase in my stats, especially, I've gotten into SS-Rank already… And after leveling up for a while, I will be able to reach even further beyond and reach SSS-Rank!

And after that… there is a series of other Realms which the System couldn't reveal to me, I guess.

After changing jobs, I decided to move on to other things, which include absorbing a bunch of Ability Spheres I got from drops from monsters.

I quickly took them out and consumed them one by one, gaining a few Skills from a varied group of monsters we had defeated.

Ding!

[You learned the following Skills]

[Fire Bear King's Piercing Roar (B)]

[Fire Bear King's Steel Hide (B)]

[Wind Eagle Wing Growth (B)]

[Wind Eagle Sonic Flight (B)]

[Crystal Deer Furious Horn Charge (C)]

[Crystal Horn Creation (C)]

[Dark Mole Super Senses (B)]

[Dark Claws of Earth-Tunneling (B)]

[Thunder Wolf Deadly Electrifying Jaws (A)]

[Cross Thunderbolt (A)]

…

The number of Skills I got left me baffled, those elemental beasts really had a nice loot, but damn, I wish I could get some of those overpowered abilities where you get Skills by eating anything too…

No, I guess what I got is enough, for now, let's assess what they can do…

[Fire Bear King's Piercing Roar (B)] grants the ability to be able to release a powerful piercing roar which I can use to intimidate a large number of enemies and force them to tremble before my might!

[Fire Bear King's Steel Hide (B)] grants the ability to generate a firm and powerful coat of red-colored fur that also has fire-resistant properties, it seems to be able to enhance my defenses.

[Wind Eagle Wing Growth (B)] grants the ability to generate large wings of the wind eagle, this lets me fly through the skies with even more easiness. It also enhances my wind damage dealt, and I can fire feather projectiles with them.

[Wind Eagle Sonic Flight (B)] grants the ability to fly incredibly fast by coating myself on invisible winds, a pretty good combination with the wing growth skill.

[Crystal Deer Furious Horn Charge (C)] is an offensive skill that lets me charge with all my strength towards a certain direction, it is somewhat useful if combined with the horn creation, perhaps? Although if I use other offensive skills, I guess it will do too.

[Crystal Horn Creation (C)] and this one Skill helps me… well, generate large deer-like horns made of shiny red crystals. It enhances my earth-attribute magic ability, it seems. I don't know what else they offer, but maybe more damage dealt with magic, as they seem to be able to accumulate magic.

[Dark Mole Super Senses (B)] this is an interesting skill, it gives me the senses of moles, who are usually blind but whose other senses are incredibly sharp in exchange.

[Dark Claws of Earth-Tunneling (B)] this Skill grants me the ability to generate powerful and giant claws, which can either be made of energy as an attack or into my own hands as actual claws… they are also good at digging the earth, apparently.

[Thunder Wolf Deadly Electrifying Jaws (A)] this one skill grants powerful electrifying power to my jaws… yeah, I won't be attacking with my jaws any time soon, but I can also use it similarly to the previous skill, and conjure giant energy-based jaws made to electricity to deal long-ranged damage, pretty crazy.

[Cross Thunderbolt (A)], this one is rather useful and simple, by using it, I can release a cross-shaped thunderbolt attack that deals damage to various enemies in a row, the damage is based on my magic stat, and it is quite strong as a long-ranged attack.

And that's all, all of the skills seem useful, if I fuse their effects with other skills I got, I could become have acquired some kind of "super" form where I can accumulate powerups and unleash them all at once… Sounds interesting in concept, but I don't know if it will work, or it will not work as properly.

After this, I decided to move on to more important stuff.

I gathered with my group while Javier and his group were resting in the house as we glanced at the many Beast Orbs we harvested.

Javier and the rest said that they were able to eat them alongside the beast's flesh and other body parts to gain the beast's "strength" and some were even able to randomly summon these beast's phantoms to unleash an attack for them with 100% their original strength.

It seems that I might need to bathe myself in such a light to be able to consume them properly… I mean, I do have the strength to munch these crystals, but I tried eating one and it was disgusting, and I didn't get anything…

So, while leaving Javier here, we flew outside where Javier had said he saw the lights…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 96 - Rushing To Grab A New Power


-----

"Master, are you sure about this?" asked Kireina.

"Of course! Why wouldn't I want to become a furry- Wait, no, that's terrible… Well, it will be half-beast… and they can turn back, right? I mean, I just want as much power as I can grab, so becoming a Beast-kin by being exposed to this light is something I would do," I said.

"W-Well… I guess," sighed Kireina.

We were already flying over the road that led to the south, where Gaia had told me to go, so we were advancing at the same time, killing two birds with one stone. Right?

Well, the whole idea of becoming a beast-kin was mine, I just wanted to get as much power as possible, which means exposing myself to weird lights. I do wonder if this will affect my summons… And what about my tamed monsters?

Javier did say that it affected humans and normal animals, humans became beast-kin while normal animals would turn into magic beasts possessing an element. Meaning that all the beasts we had met that had these Beast Orbs and had one element were normal animals mutated from this light… although some of them might have come out from the world where this light comes from.

But what is this light anyways? I've tried asking Gaia while we flew through the skies. I used my new Wind Eagle wings and the sonic flight for greater speed at flying, while the summons was in their ethereal forms and the tamed monsters/undead inside my Inner World.

"If I put some of my intent into it, I think I could analyze it…!" said Gaia, as she began to put more and more intent into her analysis as we flew until we finally found it.

It was a large crack in the sky, where a bright red, yellow, and brown-colored rainbow of ethereal light rained from it, it showered the entire place, and there were monsters everywhere within this place, many beasts, in fact, but no beast-people. It seems that they are rare.

The beasts are seemingly protecting this light for some reason, if we get closer, we'll get attacked by hundreds! Javier didn't say anything about this!

…Well, not like it matters. The strongest are A-Rank+++ Black Thunder Wolves, who are around thirty… we can manage!

I quickly materialized all my summons and took out all the cavalry, Kireina and Katrina led the party of summons while raising their weapons and showering the monsters with long-ranged attacks, a downpour of weapon-shaped water projectiles and blood projectiles was the first wave, which came accompanied by the attacks of everyone as well.

Aqua used her very body to fire giant slime-water bullets and crushed a large fire bear with a giant water fist, splattering its head across the floor.

Wagyu roared furiously, as he coated himself in a cluster of shadows and jumped over a larger Black Thunder Wolf, crushing its neck and tearing apart the flesh within, while using his shadows to wrap its limbs and not let it fight properly, making it trip afterward and then impaling its head with a shadow arrow.

Anna hit the floor with her axe and released a shockwave of thunder around her, hitting most of the non-thunder-attribute beasts and electrifying them from the toes up to their heads and the rest of their bodies.

Ervas manipulated masses of plants and several trees which he had converted into weaker and lesser monsters and fused together into his body, as he crushed whole Black Thunder Wolves with his gigantic wood claws. Additionally, he healed anyone he saw with their HP going down while firing Telekinesis Cannons.

Vudia fused her golems into a giant golem and activated her recently unlocked Skill, El Dorado, which transformed her Gold Golem into a giant golden mech she had created in the original story, using it to devastate the monsters with tremendously powerful blasts of thunder and punches that crushed them into smithereens.

Cuco and the other beasts allied with the Undead I had, and Wisp too, and they began to ravage a group of beasts with their teamwork. Although some of the undead began to die, I couldn't care less, as I continued to raise more of them through the use of Necromancy in any corpse, adding to our never-ending army!

I used but a split of mind to do this task, while I used my main mind to rush into the light, finally grasping it!

I glanced at the crack with excitement, if I can also get a Beast Orb, my power will be able to grow even faster.

The crack continued to release light from within the world it came from, as Gaia finally managed to analyze it while I released hundreds of fireballs to all directions, burning to a crisp the various variants of Aegle Beasts that flew towards me to not let me get closer to the light.

"That light comes from another world, it seems to be… a world of beasts! It is… gigantic too! The trees are like skyscrapers and the mountains are so big… J-Just how enormous are these other worlds?! The beasts that roam within are equally strong… the weakest are SSS-Rank?! Then all the beasts we had been fighting are merely the animals of this world that converted themselves into beasts thanks to this light, which seems to be this world's origin essence, it is named… Beast Ki!" said Gaia.

"How can you analyze it like that?" I asked.

"I insert my own consciousness into this world and then sneak into the World's Origin Core to steal information it has gathered, however, that's all I managed to get in the half a second I managed to sneak inside before that world's laws ejected me out," said Gaia.

"So you got all of that in half a second? Talk about efficiency… Ah, there!"

As I maed the last eagle, which seemed to be a King variant die from my flames, the light finally began to bathe me as I reached its focal point.

FLASH!

The moment I was bathed by it, a surge of new power began to overflow from my chest.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 97 - Assimilating The Beast Ki, Forming A Beast Orb!


-----

FLASH!

The light began to bathe my entire body, as the power I felt was overflowing through my entire being! My veins began to overflow with this Beast Ki, as my heart pumped incredibly fast.

Even as strong as I was, I was still affected by this mystical other-worldly power!

I felt my muscles being enhanced by it, as if bathing and being reborn, my bones were also bathed by it, and all my internal organs. I felt a large amount of… soot? Or something coming out of my entire being like dark particles, as if this Beast Ki had some purification properties that were actually, somehow, refining my entire body.

However, unlike what Javier had said, I was not experiencing any kind of pain but a feeling of overwhelming power, but my body could take more, way more.

I continued to absorb the energy as beasts started to rush towards me, my party quickly began to slay them to protect me, while I decided to float while being cross-legged, bathing in the beast ki as much as I could, it was simply more and more power given absolutely for free! How could I miss this out?!

"A-Amazing, the world's source energy of this world is bathing you with new power… your stats are increasing by the second!" said Gaia in surprise, as I gritted my teeth and contained all of this power into my chest. The energy continued to overflow through every inch of my body like a blazing flare, and even my constitution began to meld with this power and add it into itself.

To think that by bathing into the energies of another world you could get so much power…

I couldn't help but feel joy as I continued to grow stronger through this method, the energy from another world seemed endless, and I was absorbing it all so easily and quickly… But why was I different than Javier? Was it because I am vastly stronger, and I can take on more?

But this also means that there is a limit to how much you can absorb. Doubt I will be able to absorb ad endless amount of energy, there should be some limit…!

The monsters continued to fight back, as I wondered why they were protecting this light so badly.

Could it be because they gained power from this and see it as some kind of leader? Or perhaps some kind of beast from the other world is controlling their minds and using them to fight against this world's population to win the battle royale and hasten the destruction of Earth?

But why aren't those giant beasts coming here then?

So many questions, yet there is no answer to them other than me being able to discover everything by myself.

I continued to harbor more power into my body, so much that it quickly leaked directly into my soul as well, fusing with the Infernal Core I had and fusing all these energies into one.

Another energy surged as well, the blood-red energy of the Dhampir Race, which merged with everything as well, and the dim thread-like holy light energies from the Monk Physique.

All of these energies began to converge and fuse to make even more energy, expanding my energy capacity to ridiculous levels! Each second that passed, my power was skyrocketing a lot.

The monsters seemed to become more and more fierce as I continued to absorb the energy, they knew that something was going on, they knew that I would get the most out of this!

Thankfully, my army was keeping them in check, I wasn't able to raise more Undead in this condition, but the ones I raised previously were more than enough to work as cannon fodder and meat shields, while the rest of my group continued to do their best to protect me, crushing any monster that dared to rush towards me mercilessly.

I was also bathed with the shared EXP of their kills, and because there were s many monsters, I was gaining a lot of power from the level-ups.

Of course, after leveling so much, the leveling speed became pretty slow, but even then, there were so many monsters dying that it didn't seem to matter, I was still leveling relatively fast.

And even more, I began to feel it, something was slowly crystallizing within my chest, as I continuously gained more and more energy…

Finally, my Beast Orb was forming after bathing into the Beast Ki!

FLASH!

It emerged like a flame of golden brilliance, engulfing my entire body with it, as it blazed with blinding gold brightness.

I gritted my teeth as I moved this energy into my chest, gathering it all into the large golden orb, which blazed with iridescent golden flames.

The spirit of a beast suddenly was formed from within, slowly growing and roaring furiously at me, trying to devour me from the inside out!

Did Javier go through something like this? Certainly, he would have died, right?

He probably didn't, this is something unique for me!

Well, whatever, alright then! If you want to fight, bring it on!

I quickly use my power and mana to fight back the giant beast whose appearance I cannot properly discern, sometimes it looks like a roaring wolf, other times like a giant lion, and other times even as a giant snake, the beast continued to fight against me as I used my intent to suppress and refine it!

"RROOOAARR!"

It suddenly turned into a giant tiger and leaped over me, it felt both real and false, it was as if I was hallucinating but at the same time suffering from the pain of being attacked by this tiger!

Was this the last trial?!

The energy continued to be absorbed into my body frenetically, as I continued to fight back against this beast's intent, suppressing it with my own and continuously trying to refine and devour them with my very will!

FLASH!

However, the Beast Orb was already finished, and it was shining with bright yellow-gold colors, coating my body with its brilliance!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 98 - The Will Of The World Of Beasts Is Shaken!


-----

Within the interior of the crack that led to the world of beasts, enormous rivers had the size of seas, the sky was vast and near-boundless, little hills were enormous mountains like Mount Everest, and real mountains reached the heavens and the outer space, oceans were so vast they seemed endless, filled with islands that were as big as continents… it was an immense, vast, and wondrous world whose the little earth could not even compare.

Within such a gigantic world there were beasts, enormous beasts that had yet to invade earth… mostly because they had not noticed the small crack that had emerged, too small for the beasts to actually notice that there was another, the smaller world they could enter and devastate as much as they wanted.

However, within such a world, strong wills were observing this other world, powerful entities. Amongst such entities, one of them had decided to control the otherworldly entities infected with the primal energy of their world and use them to slowly take over such a planet.

Why would they do that instead of getting directly into the planet? Because it was such a measly little thing that they couldn't care less. And because it was already being assaulted by other beings, it was better to leave it be ravaged by others instead to avoid many troubles with stronger beings they actually cared about… However, this didn't stop them from indirectly try to take over it through such means as using the very energy of their world.

Infusing it into enemies and converting them into half-assed beasts from their world, and then using this energy within them to control their thoughts and natures… it was perfect!

And even if they failed, they didn't care either…

Although there were some odd ones such as the highly intelligent beings within this world that were affected by this power and were not brainwashed to do their bidding due to an annoying power exuded by the world itself, the Soul Records.

However, they were but very few compared to the hundreds or thousands of beasts they converted… So it didn't particularly matter.

Until this happened.

Someone emerged from the other world and acted as if it were an endless vacuum. It started to absorb the energy of this world at an alarming rate. Although the world was vast and it would never be damaged by this, the entities were alarmed and the Will of the World of Beasts, who was controlling the other beasts to do its bidding became concerned.

If they ended increasing the power of this alien… wouldn't that be counterproductive?!

It quickly began to gather more and more energy, as it formed a Beast Orb that seemed of an even higher quality than the mortals of the highest castes of this world could create!

If it was left to do as it pleased with such an Orb, it could one day truly become a threat to the world.

Due to this, the Will of the World of Beasts decided to control every beast within this world, sending them all to kill this entity.

However, the entity was being protected, and even this will began to face some trouble.

It wondered if it could close the crack and stop the creation of such a ridiculously powerful Beast Orb, but it could not, this crack surged by the fusion of the dimensions… Well, it discovered a way of closing it, but that would imply moving the entire world from its current space, and because this world was massive, it wouldn't be possible without catastrophic consequences.

Without any other option, it continued to control the transformed beasts, forcing them to kill this entity at all costs… however, the entity was being protected by powerful beings, and all of these efforts were in vain. In fact, somehow, the entity was gaining power each time a large number of beings were killed, making things even more troublesome.

The Will of the World of Beasts decided to do something different and slowly infused its will into the giant beasts that roamed nearby the crack. However, the crack was way too small, so only a small beast was able to slip in… It infused this small beast with some power and sent it to kill the entity that was feasting in the world's essence, as it could become a real threat one day!

CRASH!

A gigantic claw emerged from the crack, as an enormous beast glared from above at the planet…

-----

I continued to gain more energy from the crack of this other world, as the Beast Orb continued to be refined, and the beast within it began to weaken as I used more of my intent to suppress it.

Meanwhile, my party continued to battle against the army of monsters, as I saw that they were already going down, and less began to emerge, soon enough, they would all be depleted at long last.

"RROOAARR…!"

The beast within my Beast Orb was quickly suppressed as I gathered my mana into my will and fired it at it, the beast gave a last roar as its ethereal body flew back to the Orb, finally completing its creation…

That was rather intense… but we are finally done here. However, I didn't seem to have hit the limit of how much energy I could absorb yet, as I continued to gain more stats.

Ding!

[You have formed a [Beast Orb]!]

[All your stats had increased exponentially!]

[You learned the [Beast Orb Spirit: Golden Flame Chimaera (SSS)] Skill!]

And I got an awesome Skill out of it! Alright, so the beast had many shapes because it was actually a giant chimera covered in golden flames? And it had countless heads, such as those of a tiger, lion, wolf, and the tail of a snake… This one seemed like a very unique beast.

My entire body started to overflow with a new power the moment the Beast Orb creation was finished. And my stats had skyrocketed. I glanced at my Existence Realm to find out I had gone all the way to SSS-Rank+++!

However, before I could celebrate, a giant claw emerged from the crack in the sky…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 99 - Golden Flame Chimaera Beast Spirit!


-----

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [108.237]

[Hero Feathers: [35.631]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [95.183]

[Existence Rank: [SSS-Rank+++]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Young Beast Spirit (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [60/70] > [67/70]

[Vitality: [100.500/100.500] [Growth Per Level: 4.000]

[Mana: [239.000/239.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.500]

[Strength: [123.500] [Growth Per Level: 4.000]

[Magic: [150.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.000]

[Dexterity: [91.000] [Growth Per Level 3.000]

…

I glanced at my stats with awe and surprise.

This is what I was talking about!

My stat skyrocketed immensely, and my stat growth also increased! My low strength stat was also fixed, alongside my vitality, now they are a way more decent levels!

And that becomes even more obvious based on the amount of power I can feel rushing through my entire body, it is strengthening my body with large quantities of power as if it were a fountain of golden liquid gushing through my entire being… This golden essence, this beastly power… What was this?!

Of course, I knew already, after my Orb formed, I gained my own Beast Spirit!

And it wasn't anything else but strange and surprising… My Beast Spirit was nothing else than a chimera!

It was a chimera with many heads and the tail with the tip of the head of a snake.

It was roaring furiously at me as if I owned him something.

Oi, who do you think you are?

I quickly used my power and crushed it once more with my will. It became more submissive right after, and then its power started to rush through my body with even more intensity.

I suppose the trick is to defeat it and put it before my will. To make it obey me no matter what.

Like taming a wild beast. I suppose Javier didn't experience this because his Beast Spirit was… well, a wolf. But mine? It is like fifty wolves, so the difference is massive.

However, it seems that such a thing was made based on my current level of power, it seems that the higher is your power, the stronger your Beast Orb will become, and the more furious and uncontrollable your Beast Spirit will be.

I contained this power into my body as I continued to absorb more energy from the crack, the monsters had finally ended coming, and I had also leveled up 7 times out of all the EXP we got.

Well, I didn't do much other than leeching from my summons and the rest of my party, but who cares? That's what summoners do!

I still had to get used to this new beastly power, but before I could even move away from this place, a giant claw emerged from the crack, startling me.

CRASH!

The giant claws were around 3 meters each… and judging by such a size… how big would the beat itself be then?!

CRASH!

Another claw came, as the beast's entire head came out of it…

"GGGRRRUAAAAAARRR!"

The enormous roar shook the entire place, generating shockwaves that made any monster left that was faraway run for their lives.

The beast that emerged… was a giant rat.

Wait, a rat?!

I checked it with Appraisal, as I began to feel the enormous power it exuded…

[Crimson-eyed Mystical White Rat Beast (Pseudo-Demi-Deity-Rank: Middle Stage)]

What?!

Pseudo-Demi-Deity?

This rat is almost a demigod?

…

What kind of world is it coming from?!

I see… So this is why the energy I was bathed on was so strong and could give me so much power, this damn energy goes everywhere in that world, it seems that the monsters there had grown naturally accustomed to it, making them terrifying creatures.

Kireina and everyone else rushed at my side, as we glanced at the beast emerge, furiously groaning around!

"GGRRAYARR!"

BOOOOM!!!

Suddenly, it jumped off the crack it was struggling to get out of, as it clashed over the entire floor, generating enormous shockwaves that completely pulverized everything around it, the entire forest was flattened in an instant, and it even reached the faraway ghost town, destroying it all.

This rat… was around 70 meters big.

"Eh?! This rat is way too big, master!" said Kireina.

"That's quite the rat," said Ervas.

"Oh my…" sighed Katrina.

"So? What do we do?" asked Anna, as the Rat suddenly glared at us.

I glanced at it back, as I unleashed the Aura of my beast spirit.

"We fight…!" I said, unleashing the gigantic Golden Flame Chimaera, the power of this aura was emanating from me like golden flames in the shape of the chimeric beast, which began to roar monstrously as it materialized behind me!

"RRROOOAARRR!"

The enormous chimera made of golden flames surprised everyone around me, as I began to exude the golden essence and coated everyone with it, enhancing their power!

"GGGGRRRRRYYAAAAARRR!"

The giant rat roared at me, inviting me to fight!

"All the summons, follow me! The rest remain here and shower the monster with long-ranged attacks, don't die on me!" I said, rushing towards the rat as my chimera groaned with its various heads, I began to infuse my fire into it as it gained even more materialization, the beast began to grow bigger and stronger, and its heads started to gather power within it!

"LET'S GO!" I roared, as my chimera aura opened its jaws wide, releasing a shower of golden flame fireballs over the rat!

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

The rat groaned in great agony, the fireballs actually damaged its powerful and thick pelt!

I glanced at its wounds as they seemed bloody, but suddenly, golden sparks emerged, slowly healing the wounds!

So this little shit can heal wounds like nothing, huh?

Well, at the very least I am not alone.

My army of summons begins to unleash their auras, as I fuse their auras with mine, a new ability I had acquired with the Beast Orb.

With the chimera roaring behind us, we charged with all we had.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 100 - Boss Fight!


-----

High above the skies, as Gustav fought against the giant rat from another world, a man with short white hair, crimson-red eyes, and wearing black robes glanced at the scene with contempt.

​​ He seemed like a mere human, yet the power he was emanating seemed otherworldly. The dimensions themselves distorted before him, his entire presence malformed and affected space itself.

He smiled maliciously as his crimson-red eyes flashed with wonder.

"What a wondrous specimen. It seems that this is this dimension's player. He can summon entities made of Cosmic Essence and even defy several laws without even being a divine entity yet. His body is amazing, as it seems to be fused with his system. He just absorbed all of that Divine Radiation despite being a mortal and became incredibly strong out of it… And in less than a day since this started, he already became the planet's guardian… I wonder how far you can go. Let's see if you can defeat this little rat. Afterward, I might find you a fitting challenge next time…" he said, as he continued to watch.

A cube within his hands made of pure darkness, transparent darkness, started spinning as it generated a wave of dimensional essence, and he warped away.

Flash!

-----

By using the power of the Beast Orb, I was ow able to generate an enormous aura using the power of the Beast Spirit within it, the Golden Flames Chimaera.

Alongside that, I gained the power to use the Beast Ki, which was some kind of refined essence similar to Mana, but even more powerful. However, to make it, I needed mana…

Although I also had some inside of my Beast Orb, and it generated slowly. But it didn't show up as a stat for some reason. Perhaps it was still related to my mana, but now it was as if I had two different pools of mana fused into one? Maybe that's why my Mana skyrocketed even more.

I gathered this power across my body and then I exuded it out of it like a wave of furious power, blazing like a golden flame.

I used this power to materialize my beast to aid me in battle. It seems that I can give it simple commands and even let it use my Skills!

And even more, by spending mana, I can use the connection I have with all those that serve me and infuse them with Beast Ki and a part of the power of my Beast Orb!

All the Summons at my side, who can't die as long as I don't die were exuding this golden flame essence, gaining more power, and temporarily increasing all of their stats!

I rushed towards the giant rat, showering it with blazing golden fireballs produced by my chimera, while my summons at my side began to emerge with their powers, Kireina unleashed several rays with her multiple eyes in her Nyarlathotep form, while also controlling her spear and launching it at the rat's eye!

CLASH!

"GGGRRRYYAAAAARRR…!"

The rat groaned in agony as the spear, infused with my Beast Spirit Aura crushed the giant creature's eye and then released a burst of chaotic energy, blasting the entire eyeball, although the spear was sent through the airs as well!

BOOOOM!!!

"GGRRYYOOOHH… GRRYOOHH…!"

The rat groaned as it began to grasp its head in pain!

"Let's do it!" I said as I commanded the rest to unleash everything they had!

From above, Cuco led the tamed monsters, Wisp, and some of the Undead, who were all floating by using the Flight Spell made by Ervas.

They gathered their power, which was charged with my aura, and began to launch hundreds of spectral fireballs, poisonous bullets, shadow spears, and moreover the entire beast, showering it with bombing attacks from all sides!

And because they were charged with my own power and mana, they held quite the punch, enough to make the rat groan even loudly in pain!

I flew towards it as I charged a large fireball of blazing fire, launching it at it!

FLAAASH!

However, the Rat suddenly exuded a golden aura of its own, as its remaining crimson-red eye flashed with malice!

"GROOAAR!"

It roared loudly once more, as it released a powerful shockwave from its mouth, impacting the fireball and clashing it, making it explode ahead of time! Damn it!

BOOOM!!!

Suddenly, the beast enhanced its body as it jumped straight towards it!

Its enormous 70-meter-big body was so heavy and enormous that it could easily crush me like an ant!

"Not going to let ya!" roared Anna, as she charged up all her power and clashed against the rat's stomach!

CLAAAAASH!

However, the rat was mostly unfazed!

Nonetheless, Kireina, Katrina, Wagyu, Aqua, Ervas, and Vudia also rushed into the scene, all enhancing their power with my mana and aura, and unleashing their combined power!

TRUUUUUMMM!!!

"GGGRROARR?!"

The rat was stopped successfully in midair by the combination of all my summons, as I smiled maliciously, and flashed towards it while enhancing my body with my Beast Spirit!

"Chimera, don't get cocky now and attack with all you got!" I roared, as the Chimera was infused with even more mana and beast ki, rushing out of my back, and materializing into a fantastical beast made of golden flames, jumping over the rat and hitting it with all of its might, like a golden meteor!

"RRRRROOAARRR!"

CLAAAAASH!

The two beasts clashed against each other, as the rat was finally thrown into the ground, the impact made the entire world tremble!

BOOOOM!!!

My summons quickly rushed towards it, each one resembling a meteor, as I flashed towards it as well!

The beast emerged at my side as I began to fuse with it! The Beast Orb began to flash with golden flames as I used the power I knew I had.

Of course, like Javier and the rest, all of them could convert into beast-kin temporarily to increase their power, right?

So the same could be done for me. And to convert yourself into a Beast-kin, you fuse with your Beast Spirit!

FLAAASH!

The Chimera began to fuse with my body as I underwent immense changes, as the rat began to slowly stand up again, this fight was just starting!

------

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 101 - Beast Spirit Fusion!


-----

I felt my power skyrocketing through the roof! The power I was receiving was nothing but amazingly insane!

​​ Just… what is this?!

This is really as if I was being reborn… the Beast Orbs are really miraculous powers! If more of humanity could get exposed to this light, there could really be a quick way for them to grow stronger other than by leveling up!

The Chimera rushed towards me as it exploded into my chest, fusing with me. The power I felt was exhilarating and insane. I felt like my mind was about to burst as my heart pumped with incredible speed. My blood turned golden due to the immense amounts of beast ki rushing through my body!

My body began to shapeshift almost immediately, as I felt like my power increased every second.

My height became immense right away, I was standing at around 30 meters big! My entire body was coated in golden scales and fur, as many horns emerged over my head. Several heads appeared behind me, those heads of the beasts of the chimera, with long necks, roaring behind my back.

Even my clothes changed, becoming like the clothes of some kind of Chinese-like martial armor! It even included armor, how overpowered was this one?!

My entire skin turned tanned and covered in golden tattoos, my hands gained sharp black claws, and my tail had the tip of a snake, hissing furiously.

My staff had suddenly been showered by this power and also shapeshifted into a giant golden spear, with various decorations…

I call this technique, Beast Spirit Fusion! And in simple terms, it lets me fuse with my powerful Beast Spirit and attain new levels of power surpassing my own realm… Even my clothes change and I become a 30-meter-big giant to boot!

My eyes gleamed with golden light as I felt this power gushing through me. I was ready.

I rushed towards the giant rat as my summons distracted it, although I already saw Wagyu and Ervas being destroyed by its claws, and emerging at my side on their ethereal forms…

This only filled me with even more anger, as I rushed to not let them experience death anymore!

FLASH!

"Here I am!"

I enhanced my spear with the power of my soul and the beast orb, as it began to exude a deadly amount of golden flames as if I was turning into the very embodiment of a blazing inferno!

"GGRYAR?!"

CLAAAAASH!

Using the tip of my spear, I crushed the rat into the ground, pushing it down as my spear struggled to pierce the hard skin of this giant beast, but ultimately…!

SLAAASH!

I managed to pierce, reaching its flesh inside as I rushed through the giant beast's body, making a large wound that opened to its guts!

"GGRRRAAARRR!"

The rat roared in agony, using its claws, it tried to crush me and slash me, the attacks were incredibly fast as the beast grew more desperate, but I intercepted them with my spear or my bare hands, pushing down the beast!

My summons quickly rushed at it, firing it with their attacks and damaging its open wounds!

"Don't let him regenerate!"

Kireina nodded as she shapeshifted into a mass of flesh once more and… jumped right inside the wound and into the monster's body!

"I am going to eat you from the inside out, little rat~! Hahahaha!" she laughed, as she began to pierce the rat's interior with her spear while making all sorts of explosions.

The rat continued to fight against me, but it quickly started to vomit blood!

"Hah, not so fierce now, aren't you?!"

"G-Grryaarr?!"

The beast seemed completely baffled by what was going on, it was being showered with constant attacks from the rear, internal attacks, and my frontal attacks!

The rat used its powerful incisor fangs to bite me, but I managed to evade in time each time, using my powerful spear to slash through the beast's flesh and skin, and pierce its other eye!

CLAASH!

My strength continued to pump up, my Beast Orb gleaming with immense quantities of power. Using this power, I coated my spear with it and began to release several piercing attacks consecutively, destroying the monster's resilient eye and making it completely blind!

"GGGRRRRYAAARRR…!"

The rat used its powerful tail, coating it on its golden aura and using it to throw me!

CLAASH!

I received the attack head-on. If that would have hit me before, I would had splattered all over the place and died instantly, no matter the regeneration of a dhampir that I had, that would have definitely killed me.

However, with this new and reinforced beast-kin body of the chimera, I was able to withstand it, as some of my ribs broke, but that was it!

I wasn't thrown away as much, as I quickly caught the beast's tail, and then, I used all of my strength to raise it into the air and throw it into the floor again!

CLAAAAASH!

"GREEEEERRGH…!"

Another cry of agony was enough of a reward! I quickly smiled deviously, as the tamed monsters and undead above continued their long-range assault, they seemed safe!

Additionally, the summons was doing an amazing job, as they were showering the beast with wounds on its rear, meanwhile, Kireina continued to storm its insides, making it vomit blood all the time!

"GRAAARRRGH…!"

The rat roared furiously, as it rushed at me while enhancing its muscles, its claws clashed against my spear as I evaded some deadly attacks against my head.

CLASH! CLASH! SLASH!

Then, I coated my legs with my golden aura and jumped aside, reaching the beast's head!

CLASH!

"GGRARRGH?!"

I glanced at its status, it was about to die! Time to finish you off for good!

I raised my spear and coated it in golden flames, as I pierced the beast's head it with!

CLAAAASH!

"GGGGGGRRRRRRRYYYYYYAAARRRGGH…!"

The beast released a last roar of agony as its skull cracked wide open, my spear continued to pierce through the brains, splattering them all over, and then I continued using my flames, burning its skull from the inside out!

FLAAAASH!

BOOM!

The corpse fell over the ground as it began to burn, Kireina quickly jumped out of its stomach, and then, I felt an immense wave of EXP bathing my body….

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 102 - Level 70!


-----

The wave of EXP bathed my entire body, as I felt a rush of new power encompass my body.

​​ Ding!

[Your Level has increased to Level 68!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 69!]

[Your Level has increased to Level 70!]

[You gained Stockpiled EXP, change Jobs to automatically use it]

[You gained Skill Points]

Level 70 at long last, and it seems that I have more stockpiled EXP that I can use to level up further. It seems that I might be able to reach even further…

Ding!

[You've reached the next Existence Realm after SSS-Rank+++!]

[Your Existence Realm has reached [Pseudo Demi Deity-Rank: 1/9 (Initial Stage)]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

Oh… A Pseudo Demi Deity? The same as this rat… So I am almost a Demigod? Interesting…

I quickly decided to save the entire rat inside my inventory, while everyone else gathered together once more, the Summons that "died" finally came back after recovering enough, materializing once more.

"Phew, sorry about that, Master, we didn't mean it," said Wagyu.

"Don't worry, I am glad that you can come back… I guess… But I still dislike using you guys for this type of stuff. Anyways, for now, let's go back to the Inner World," I said.

I quickly flew a bit away from the crack and then decided to enter the Inner World, where I found Javier and his group exercising in the grasslands…

Oh, and the crops seemed ready to be harvested as well!

"Ah! Gustav, you're back with your team! It has been around a day and a half…" said Javier.

"Yeah, the outside world goes slow compared to in here, so I bet there was more time that passed inside," I said.

"D-Did you managed to acquire the beast-kin power?" he asked.

"Indeed, and it brought me unexpected gains but also… We battled a giant rat that came out of a crack, let's go have a meal, for now, your people are invited," I said.

"A giant… rat?! A-Alright…" said Javier.

In the end, he ended believing me when I showed him the giant rat corpse itself, so big that he could barely see the sky above when you stood near the rat.

We decided to cook part of its plentiful meat, as I also extracted the Beast Orb it had, which had the size of the entire house.

I felt its power rushing through me the moment I touched it, as it gleamed with a golden glow. Without even thinking it twice, I absorbed it alongside a pile of the others from the monsters we hunted in massive piles.

FLASH!

The massive energies of the Beast Orbs were ridiculous, rushing through my body and reaching my own Beast Orb, they began to enhance their power to new levels.

FLASH!

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Young Beast Spirit (Initial Stage)] has raised to Middle Stage!]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Young Beast Spirit (Middle Stage)] has raised to Upper Stage!]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Young Beast Spirit (Upper Stage)] has raised to Peak Stage!]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Young Beast Spirit (Peak Stage)] has Ranked Up to Adult Beast Spirit Realm (Initial Stage)]!]

I felt the flames of my beast spirit increase even more, as I gained new power… This is how you increase Beast Orb's strength, by consuming other Beast Orbs! Additionally, there is a chance for the Beast Spirit to gain the traits of the beast orbs you consume.

Although it seemed that mine didn't get anything new as it was already a massive one with too much of a mess… after all, it is a chimera of sorts.

I decided to check my stats to look for gains as the food was getting ready, there were also several dropped items I wanted to consume, such as Soul Spheres, the Ability Spheres of the giant rat, ad more.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [218.237]

[Hero Feathers: [55.631]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [125.183]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: Rank 1/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Adult Beast Spirit (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [70/70]

[Vitality: [126.500/126.500] [Growth Per Level: 4.500]

[Mana: [270.000/270.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.500]

[Strength: [149.500] [Growth Per Level: 4.500]

[Magic: [169.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.000]

[Dexterity: [113.000] [Growth Per Level 3.500]

…

Hm, it has increased accordingly to how much I wanted… in fact, the stat growths had increased, how wondrous.

The increase in the stage and rank of the Beast Orb seemed very important here, it seems that such a thing brought a large boost to my capabilities, yet another great way to grow even stronger in short periods. However, I was done with fighting for now and craved some relaxation and also sleeping.

Thankfully, with the Inner World, we can have some breaks from the insane outside world and whatever is going on there. Sometimes not even I know what I should do outside when everything is so chaotic…

Well, our goal is going to save a large number of people struggling outside, although the primary objective is to rush through a designed route by Gaia to grow stronger through it and then decimate the monster that waits for us the other way around.

Now that I've reached a step further before becoming a Demigod, though, it seems that I might stand a chance against stronger enemies… But can I even stand a chance those giant spaceships with advanced technology? Or the Celestials roaming the world?

Those guys mean serious business here…

As I began to ponder this, a sudden pale-white and delicate-looking hand touched my shoulder.

"Master, how about you relax for now? Let's go eat," said Kireina at my side as her soothing voice calmed down my doubtful heart.

"Alright, I was just thinking about doing that," I said.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 103 - The Cautious Will Of The World Of Beasts And The Celestial King


-----

Within the World of Giant Beasts, the Will of this World seemed shaken… the giant rat was dead, and it was even dragged away by the entity that managed to form the powerful Beast Orb absorbing insane amounts of the world's source energy.

​​ However, it seemed that after that it finally walked away, of course, it had mostly made all the beasts around go extinct at this point… but at the very least the world had not invited such a demon inside.

Although it was still weak compared to most of the population, the Will knew that this monster meant serious business, especially because from what it managed to detect, it had the power to absorb another's fortune and use it against them.

The rat was actually rather fortunate, as the fortune over its head seemed like a golden cloud, if it had been left thrive in the beast world, it would have ended as a legendary beast after some time, and that's why it was chosen to kill this otherworldly threat that was stealing this world's power.

In the end, the rat had all of its fortune absorbed without realizing it, and the creature unleashed its newfound Beast Orb powers to completely demolish the Rat into oblivion…

It had the power of a mortal, yet it grasped the realm of demigods when it fused with its Beast Spirit!

The Will of this world had never seen such talent been born since the past era where the Venerable Beast of Seven Colorful Heads shook the nine continents and brought fort the destruction of the Cosmic Phoenix of Fate…

Such a talent could easily pierce the heavens and make a new one if it was left with some time to grow stronger!

However… This being was not in this world but the other lesser world.

Although now… if it were to absorb the rat's Orb, it would surely become a Demigod, or something close to it.

However, the Will of the World feels reassured, as long as this monster didn't come to this dangerous world, it wouldn't be a threat. Even more, as it seemed to fear this world filled with powerful beasts such as the Rat, and it was also desperate to save its own world.

However, out of cautiousness, the Will of this world asked for the help of other powerful entities within the world and all of them forcefully generated a Formation using their mystical and law-defying divine powers.

This formation temporarily closed the crack that led to this world, at least for some time until it was to open automatically again…

These power entities exuded auras of immense power, yet they were curious about why the world's will which had crushed countless venerables was fearing such a being…

But the World's Will had a reason… it had seen from within the eyes of the rat the monster that this being was… and how it had acquired a Celestial-Grade Spirit Beast, the highest there was, the Golden Flame Chimaera! It was already obvious how powerful it was if by fusing with it, he acquired the power equal to almost two realms above him!

It was a matter of time before he could defy the heavens and fight even the gods themselves…

And above all… It was also a Player! Indeed, it was one blessed by the incomparably powerful being that had fused dimensions for his own amusement, the Great One Above All Creation… This being had blessed him by giving him a Supreme System.

No normal people would get a ticket for such a power. And no, it wasn't random either.

They were chosen due to their talent and the nature of their very souls. There was something within every Player that made them unique in itself, they were the most unique across their entire Dimensions after all!

Although it still could not see it completely, the will of the world of beasts could clearly feel that Gustav was a being that should not be messed with… if possible. Even as the power level he was…

For now, the will of the world of beasts began to gather more essence all around the world and started to invade other lesser worlds without a Player as terrifying as Gustav, slowly gathering other world's essence to gain even more power, one of the goals of worlds that invaded other dimensions.

Giant waves of elemental beasts rushed through these worlds, devastating everything. All the essence gathered from the death of these living beings, alongside their souls all went into this world's core, as the will absorbed ad assimilated it all…

"It has been some time since I've gathered so much essence. Amongst this dangerous new era of constant bloodshed, there are still many places that I can abuse and absorb their essence without them barely being able to do anything! That small world might be lucky having such a monster as their guardian, but these little worlds have no one… one by one… all you shall become the stepping stones for my prosperity in this Ragnarök!"

As the world of beasts continued to grow stronger through absorbing other world's essence and assimilating it into its own power, within Earth, the group of Celestials continued to browse through the planet and the many groups of humans to slaughter.

Much like this world's will, the Celestials were able to absorb the essence of whatever they killed the moment the Ragnarök started. Using this, they absorbed this power and gained even more power, while also automatically sending new energy to their original Celestial World, where many god-like beings lived within enormous pantheons…

And a man with a long white beard and blazing yellow-gold eyes with a muscular body and the size of a titan oversaw as his children ravaged Earth of any life it had…

It exuded the powerful essence aura of a being above Demigods themselves… a God!

As it oversaw the world, it suddenly felt a great power emerge… this was the time when Gustav had fused with his Beast Spirit!

"Hm? Who is that…? A Demigod?" it wondered…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 104 - Great Gains


-----

After getting the power of the beast, we had a large dinner with everyone, and we also enjoyed the radish, tomatoes, and carrots from the farm, I had also bought more seeds and planted them.

​​ I had noticed a little bar of Farm EXP, and it seemed that after all the plants grew, it gained some EXP, so I have to continuously plant more seeds and also fertilizer to raise the rank of the farm and probably unlock new seeds in the shop too.

The shop is very limited too, there isn't everything in the world there, so my available options are limited to the rank of the farm, the more it raises, the more things I can buy. Naturally, with EXP comes rank up, and with that, new stuff.

There were still some vegetables left, which I saved up, but from what we ate, we enjoyed it all quite a lot, especially the delicious meat of the rat… That one was a delicacy amongst delicacies.

Aside from that, I also absorbed the Soul Spheres and the Ability Spheres there were, and gained stats and new skills. Eating the vegetables gave me stats as well, but not as much as Soul Spheres. However, I assume that as long as I continue eating higher grade ones, the stats will increase faster.

[You gained +12.000 Vitality, +8.000 Mana, +10.000 Strength, +11.000 Magic, and +8.000 Dexterity!]

[You learned the following Skills]

[Hardened Copper Skin (E)]

[Enhanced Libido (E)]

[Pump Up (D)]

[Slicing Wind of the Windstorm Eagle King (A)]

[Roar of Blazing Flames of the Fire Bear Emperor (A)]

[Destructive Body Reinforcement of the Giant Celestial Rat (S)]

[Roar of Fear-Inducing Horror (S)]

[Veracity of the Fanged Giant (S)]

[Aura of the Celestial Rat Beast (S)]

…

I gained a nice amount of stats…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [49]

[Gold: [207.237]

[Hero Feathers: [55.631]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [125.183]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: Rank 1/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Adult Beast Spirit (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [70/70]

[Vitality: [138.500/138.500] [Growth Per Level: 4.500]

[Mana: [278.000/278.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.500]

[Strength: [159.500] [Growth Per Level: 4.500]

[Magic: [180.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.000]

[Dexterity: [121.000] [Growth Per Level 3.500]

…

Indeed, everything increased accordingly for the moment, quite nice. Now, moving on to the Skills, it seems that the first three ones were acquired by eating the magical vegetables. Who would had know I could get stuff by eating vegetables? I guess I should have always listened to my mother…

Wait, I never met my mother to begin with, nor my father! Anyways…

[Hardened Copper Skin (E)] helped me harden my skin to supper copper levels of hardness, which is… not as much. Well, what do you expect? It's an E-Rank Skill.

[Enhanced Libido (E)] enhances… Well, you know.

[Pump Up (D)] lets me pump up my own blood to enhance my senses and blood flow, giving me more warmth and making my muscles more flexible…

[Slicing Wind of the Windstorm Eagle King (A)] when activated, I can generate giant wings made of bright emerald wind-attribute light, which let me unleash slicing wind attacks, interesting, might be useful with wing growth skill.

[Roar of Blazing Flames of the Fire Bear Emperor (A)] when used I can unleash a roar that is more like a breath attack, it releases a deadly wave of flames that burns anything on their path… Very deadly, I know.

[Destructive Body Reinforcement of the Giant Celestial Rat (S)] This Skill came from our Rat friend, it enhances my body as long as I keep it activated, draining my mana constantly, it also uses beast ki, but I can replace it for mana too. It is a buffing skill, but my mana regenerates so fast I could leave it switched on as a passive skill at this point.

[Roar of Fear-Inducing Horror (S)] is a fierce roar that intimidates anything below my realm of power, it can also randomly inflict Confusion, Paralysis, Horror, or Instant Death in the lowest possible chance. It obviously doesn't work with anything equally strong or stronger… well, maybe paralysis could work.

[Veracity of the Fanged Giant (S)] it enhances my overall strength and stamina, making me resist things and push myself to new limits. It seems to be a nice addition to my passive skill collection.

[Aura of the Celestial Rat Beast (S)] an aura-type skill, it lets me unleash the golden beast spirit aura of the rat. It is powerful and rather amazing, so I have high expectations of it.

Auras are an interesting new concept, it concentrates the energy of your soul and body into an aura that you can use to enhance your magic, skills, techniques, and your very body too, enhancing it to superhuman levels if not higher…

It seems that all those with Beast Orbs have an Aura. Sadly, only I could get it, no one else in my group was affected by the otherworldly light. But my aura can be shared with others as some kind of buff to all their stats, which I did almost naturally in the middle of the battle we just had a few hours ago.

After having absorbed the Spheres and having gained more stats and skills, I just wanted to lay down and relax.

Kireina and Katrina warmed some water for me, and we ended taking a triple bath together… Afterward, the two fairies devoured me alive in bed, but thanks to my new Libido Skill I was able to continue for a longer time this time around, although in the end I still ended completely drained of my life force and as dry as a mummy…

But man, it felt nice…

With two beauties hugging me, I slept like a baby until the next day…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 105 - Completing Quests And Changing Jobs


-----

Today in the morning I decided to assess my gains in the task menu, as I had completed two tasks.

​​ Yesterday, we killed approximately almost a thousand beasts, so I had completed two tasks regarding killing monsters, which were waiting for me to grab the juicy rewards…

[Main Tasks]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 1032/400 Foes: [Random Item Box] x2, 5000 Gold, 5000 Hero Feathers, 2 Orbs] COMPLETE!

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 1032/800 Foes: [Random Item Box] x4, 10000 Gold, 10000 Hero Feathers, 5 Orbs] COMPLETE!

[Reach SSS-Rank+++: [All Daily Dungeons Ticket: Intermediate/Hard Difficulty] x3, 100000 Gold, 50000 Hero Feathers, 20 Orbs, [Premium Random Item Box] x4] COMPLETE!

Oh, this is a lot of rewards…

Ding!

[You gained +115.000 Gold, +65.000 Hero Feathers, +27 Orbs, [Random Item Box] x6, [Premium Random Item Box] x4, and [All Daily Dungeons Ticket: Intermediate/Hard Difficulty] x3!]

I almost had an orgasm by seeing all these rewards in front of me, 115k Gold is amazing, even more, 65k Hero Feathers, and even much more +27 Orbs! And there were also the special item boxes, which monsters don't drop naturally. They only drop treasure chests with varied items, not all the time being what you want.

And even better, there were the three tickets that let me unlock all daily dungeons in intermediate or hard difficulty for a day, and there were three of them! Meaning that for three days I can use them…

After getting these juicy rewards, I had decided to change Jobs right away before breakfast.

…

[Available Job Options]

[Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist]

[Arcane Magus of Inferno]

[Multi-Talented Jack of all Trades]

[Necromancer]

…

Four new Job options and all of them look great…

I guess the first one is for the most recent events, isn't it? I can see it… So, I am considered a martial artist? Although I've never fought using martial arts at all! Then why…? Well, maybe it is considered martial art what I did yesterday? There's no way…

[Arcane Magus of Inferno] seems to be an evolution of my current Job, Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer. I would guess I will get even better at using the flames now… Perhaps my Sorcerer Core will develop more with its Infernal flames.

[Multi-Talented Jack of all Trades] This one is… because of all the stuff I can do, I guess? It is ambiguous but it does praise me for being multi-talented…

[Necromancer] seems to be the upgrade of the Necrotic Sorcerer Job. I would guess it helps me handle Undead better, and maybe even shower them with new power or enhancements.

Although I would like to develop my magic, I've developed it way too much since the beginning, let's give it some room for my new physical prowess to develop this time.

Ding!

[Do you want to exchange 80.000 Gold and 30.000 Hero Feathers to change Jobs into [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist]?]

<Yes> <No>

I quickly press yes.

Ding!

[You exchanged 80.000 Gold and 30.000 Hero Feathers!]

[You changed Jobs to [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Celestial Beast Spirit Martial Arts Techniques (SS)], and [Celestial Beast Spirit Materialization (SS)] Skills!]

[Celestial Beast Spirit Martial Arts Techniques (SS)]

The Martial Arts Techniques that those who had practiced using their Beast Orb for generations had learned, enhances the user's ability to use the power of the Beast Orb and the Beast Spirit within it, alongside giving it the power to unleash its true potential by utilizing a series of special techniques for optimal fighting.

[Celestial Beast Spirit Materialization (SS)]

Utilize Beast Ki and Mana to materialize your Beast Spirit and enhance its capabilities, while also giving it the possibility of acting independently from the user to complete tasks on its own or cover the user's back while in combat with a foe.

…

I gained two new skills and a new burst of power rushing through my entire body, I guess the power of the beast orb is really commendable, such power cannot be easily comprehended! It certainly offers more than one would expect.

The skills, as well, are pretty great. From the new martial arts, to the materialization, it seems to be perfect for the usage of Beast Spirit and the Beast Orb that contains it.

However, we were not done here yet…

Ding!

[Administrating stockpiled EXP…]

[Your Level has increased from Level 70 to Level 71!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 71 to Level 72!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 72 to Level 73!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 73 to Level 74!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 74 to Level 75!]

[You gained bonus Skill Points]

This is more than enough for now. The stockpiled EXP from the rat was quite amazing, and it even comes with bonus Skill Points included.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [76]

[Gold: [242.237]

[Hero Feathers: [90.631]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [145.183]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: Rank 2/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Celestial Beast Spirit (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [70/80] > [75/80]

[Vitality: [138.500/138.500 > 190.000/190.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.000]

[Mana: [278.000/278.000 > 335.000/335.000] [Growth Per Level: 7.000]

[Strength: [159.500 > 212.500] [Growth Per Level: 6.500]

[Magic: [180.000 > 235.000] [Growth Per Level: 7.000]

[Dexterity: [121.000 > 177.500] [Growth Per Level 5.500]

…

The bonus of changing Jobs and then the bonus of leveling up increased my stats to new levels of numbers. And as a person that is easily entertained by numbers getting higher, this pleases me…

Also, it seems that my Existence Realm reached Rank 2 of the Pseudo Demi Deity Realm! And even my Beast Orb was refined and evolved into the Celestial Beast Spirit Realm… I suppose this is where the Beast Orb slowly becomes "godly"…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 106 - Great Progress


-----

Ding!

​​ [Administrating stockpiled EXP…]

[Your Level has increased from Level 70 to Level 71!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 71 to Level 72!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 72 to Level 73!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 73 to Level 74!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 74 to Level 75!]

[You gained bonus Skill Points]

This is more than enough for now. The stockpiled EXP from the rat was quite amazing, and it even comes with bonus Skill Points included.

...

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [76]

[Gold: [242.237]

[Hero Feathers: [90.631]

[Hero Fragments: [400]

[Job: [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [145.183]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: Rank 2/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Celestial Beast Spirit (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [70/80] > [75/80]

[Vitality: [138.500/138.500 > 190.000/190.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.000]

[Mana: [278.000/278.000 > 335.000/335.000] [Growth Per Level: 7.000]

[Strength: [159.500 > 212.500] [Growth Per Level: 6.500]

[Magic: [180.000 > 235.000] [Growth Per Level: 7.000]

[Dexterity: [121.000 > 177.500] [Growth Per Level 5.500]

…

The bonus of changing Jobs and then the bonus of leveling up increased my stats to new levels of numbers. And as a person that is easily entertained by numbers getting higher, this pleases me…

Also, it seems that my Existence Realm reached Rank 2 of the Pseudo Demi Deity Realm! And even my Beast Orb was refined and evolved into the Celestial Beast Spirit Realm… I suppose this is where the Beast Orb slowly becomes "godly"…

Seeing how I already am at Rank 2 of a Pseudo Demigod, it would be stupid to think that I can level anymore with the EXP that little mobsters give to me, I would need to slaughter millions to even get a level- Wait, I guess that's why the Celestials are slaughtering so many humans all packed up in cities, I suppose they are a nice essence bank as they are packed by the millions in each city.

I would need to kill millions of little mobsters or… a few of the strong threats, such as the Giant Rat Beast that I just killed a few hours ago.

That one was a great challenge, and it also brought a great amount of EXP and overall a lot of loot too… And the meat was pretty good. Its body was so big we got meat for years with it…

Though, considering Kireina and Katrina's appetite, we might run out of it faster than I could guess.

Oh man, I miss writing web novels at this point, thinking that whenever I get out of here I will get back to the hell outside both depresses me and make some excited. I guess my past self is still fighting against the new self, which was formed after all these challenges.

I really need to settle down my mind for a bit…

For now, I decided to take a warm bath to relax, the two mischievous fairies used this opportunity to drain me dry of my life energy as well… But it was relaxing, nonetheless.

After that, the girls began to make breakfast for everyone, while I found Javier and his group of beast-kin exercising outside. They actually went into the Training Grounds and began to practice fighting there, I guess they got the spirit.

Oh, right, about the other Annexed Lands, I got some extra bonus gold and other things from them, and I filled up the Graveyard with new Undead I raised from the beasts we killed.

Wait… I could make a giant rat undead… But that one is better off as food.

Also, Wisp evolved yesterday after killing so many monsters and also getting shared EXP from the rat, and became a Ghost, being equal to an S-Rank+++ Monster. Cuco and the rest are already around SS-Rank++, so it got a lot to catch up on yet.

…

[Name: [Wisp]

[Race: [Phantasmal Soul-Devouring Ghost]

[Monster Grade: [S-Rank+++]

[Element(s): [Undead], [Phantom]

[Level: [40/50]

[Vitality: [12.000/12.000]

[Mana: [35.000/35.000]

[Strength: [4.400]

[Magic: [22.000]

[Dexterity: [28.000]

[Skills]

[Phantasmal Body (A)]

[Enhanced Paranormal Senses (A)]

[Soul Eating (A)]

[Soul Projectile (A)]

[Spectral Flare (A)]

…

The Ghost form of Wisp looks mildly humanoid, but I don't think I can trace any shape.

Wisp had also been absorbing and assimilating wandering souls, so it is slowly becoming something of a Soul Legion, perhaps the next evolutions might show this.

Due to the convenience of this, Wisp had become somewhat of a Soul Bank for me, as it catches souls and assimilates them, it can also cut its own soul into pieces so they can raise more Undead.

I decided to use this opportunity to ask Wisp to cut a piece of itself, which I manipulated with Necromancy and infused into the House we had been using this whole time, which was a cabin we stole. Perhaps it used to be the summer vacation cabin of a wealthy family or something, but it was not ours.

After that, the entire house was possessed by this soul, and it raised into an Undead Monster. Yep… I've done this multiple times across my novels because I love ghost manors that are possessed by malicious phantasmal entities.

Even more, if they are a strong Undead-type monster that is also a convenient house that can clean itself, shapeshift, and grow bigger as it ranks up.

"Amazing… You really just made the entire house into an Undead?!" asked Kireina in surprise.

"This is quite amusing, indeed…" said Katrina. She said she was surprised but she was expressionless.

"Will it be able to rank up?" wondered Anna.

"Yes, I just checked it and it has a Status and everything… Though the problem now will be to bring it out and make it kill things, maybe we can bring it with us into the Daily Dungeons we will get into later. I got some tickets for it," I said.

"Yaaay! Easy EXP!" said Vudia.

"Daily Dungeons are nice, we can get some decent powerup from it," said Ervas.

"What's a daily dungeon?" asked Aqua.

"I would assume it is a dungeon that you use to enter daily…" said Wagyu.

"Yeah, we used to go there the first week before the apocalypse. But it got sealed now. However, there are special tickets that sometimes show up that let me enter again. They are special dungeons where EXP, Gold, and Skill Points can be acquired with a lot of ease… I think there is also a Hero Feather Dungeon too now," I said.

"Oooh… Sounds nice! I want to practice my martial arts a bit! Beating some punks will work!" said Aqua.

However, before that, I decided to inspect a few other things…

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Summoner: Supreme Summoner System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young web novelist who is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 107 - Possessed Ghost House


-----

"Amazing… You really just made the entire house into an Undead?!" asked Kireina in surprise.

​​ "This is quite amusing, indeed…" said Katrina. She said she was surprised but she was expressionless.

"Will it be able to rank up?" wondered Anna.

"Yes, I just checked it and it has a Status and everything… Though the problem now will be to bring it out and make it kill things, maybe we can bring it with us into the Daily Dungeons we will get into later. I got some tickets for it," I said.

"Yaaay! Easy EXP!" said Vudia.

"Daily Dungeons are nice, we can get some decent powerup from it," said Ervas.

"What's a daily dungeon?" asked Aqua.

"I would assume it is a dungeon that you use to enter daily…" said Wagyu.

"Yeah, we used to go there the first week before the apocalypse. But it got sealed now. However, there are special tickets that sometimes show up that let me enter again. They are special dungeons where EXP, Gold, and Skill Points can be acquired with a lot of ease… I think there is also a Hero Feather Dungeon too now," I said.

"Oooh… Sounds nice! I want to practice my martial arts a bit! Beating some punks will work!" said Aqua.

However, before that, I decided to inspect a few other things-

"OOOOOHHHH…!"

The phantasmal house has risen! I decided to call her Annabelle... And she interrumpted my thoughts with that phantasmal groan.

Seriously, I don't know why I never see Necromancers raising their own phantasmal house or castle, what a waste of true potential!

I will probably bring it out and let it devour the debris of destroyed houses, and probably absorb any wandering souls (as there are many now that so many beings are dying constantly).

When I approached the house, it quickly noticed me and opened the door as if happy to see me, which was quite cute. It even opened the windows as if trying to see me…

We tried making it fly using Ervas Levitate Spell and it worked, so, for now, we left it practicing flight in the meantime, because that giant thing definitely can't walk in the ground, it will have to fly around to move.

I checked her stats and found that she was strong right off the bat… Even at her level.

…

[Name: [Annabelle]

[Race: [Possessed Ghost House]

[Monster Grade: [A-Rank]

[Element(s): [Undead], [Phantom], [Material]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [5.000/5.000]

[Mana: [20.000/20.000]

[Strength: [1.000]

[Magic: [5.000]

[Dexterity: [400]

[Skills]

[Material Body: Ghost House (B)]

[Enhanced Paranormal Senses (B)]

[Material Assimilation (C)]

[Housework (C)]

[Cooking (C)]

…

Monsters' grades mean the amount of quality and talent they have, I guess, it increases as they level up, but there are cases such as Annabelle who is born with a high grade despite being level 1. This also means that it will develop fast ad increase its stats even more as it levels up.

Although, as my army of allies increase, there is always this bothersome thing about breaking their level cap manually…

"Gaia, is there an option to open level caps automatically?" I asked.

"Oh… No, there isn't… But you can leave the work to me, and I will do it automatically. Of course, I won't waste resources in monsters that are not active with you, such as the Undead you leave in the graveyard…" she said.

"I see, that would be great, thanks," I said.

"No problem, guardian." Said Gaia politely.

After that, I decided to go see the egg that had emerged in the Monster Hatchery… Yes, that one from before… And there is also a new one.

As I left Cuco and the other monsters inside the place, a new egg emerged, it looked exactly like the other.

And the previous egg already had cracks, there was something inside trying to get out.

The egg was slowly cracking, as it was resting above the straw nest…

CRACK… CRACK!

Suddenly, a few eggshells flew out as a little… reptilian head emerged.

The egg quickly shattered into pieces as the little creature inside greeted us.

It was… a purple-scaled snake similar to my Viper Tamed Monster, but it had two pairs of strong limbs as well, slowly trying to walk with them.

Its scales were smooth and nice to caress, and it had a third crimson-red eye in the middle of its forehead.

I glanced at Viper, who seemed nervous…

"Did you laid this?" I asked her.

"…"

It couldn't talk but it glanced at the baby quadruped snake with a bit of concern… Maybe it did? Or not?

Well, the little creature groaned at me cutely, so I petted it and checked the status. It seemed to be a she, so I named her Apophis.

…

[Name: [Apophis]

[Race: [Venomous Viper Wyrm]

[Monster Grade: [A-Rank]

[Element(s): [Poison], [Dark], [Dragon]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [2.000/2.000]

[Mana: [12.000/12.000]

[Strength: [2.500]

[Magic: [3.000]

[Dexterity: [2.000]

[Skills]

[Dragon Scales (B)]

[Poisonous Dragon Breath (B)]

[Venomous Fangs (C)]

[Venomous Claws (C)]

…

Wait, this little thing is a Wyrm?! A lesser dragon sort of deal… Meaning that it might become even stronger as it evolves into a True Poison Dragon, perhaps… And it is also A-Rank on its Grade… Amazing, it will surely grow stronger.

I guess the Monster Hatchery is like a monster factory… Well, I wonder what the next egg hatch into will now…

For now, I decided to leave Apophis here to level up passively a little bit, while I went to assess other issues, such as inspecting the valuable items we got yesterday.

After killing hundreds of monsters, the pile of loot we got was utterly ridiculous.

Although I consumed the Soul Spheres and Ability Spheres, there were still a lot of consumable items, such as potions of all types, and equipment, such as armor, accessories, weapons, and more.

There were literally hundreds of items, so we will have to sort everything out today and see what we can do with it. Remember that I can only equip three things, so I will mostly ask Anna to fuse over all the equipment I am interested in over my own equipment while leaving the other to… I don't know.

Oh right, maybe I should gift it to Javier and his group, so they are well equipped? After all, those will be items I won't use. And even after fully equipping them all, there will still be a lot of leftovers.

Sadly I cannot fuse them all into my equipment endlessly, Anna said that the limit was around 4 items to fuse over another, and when it evolves and the item grade increases, you can no longer fuse it with items that are a few ranks below, so after that, all these items won't be capable of being fused over my equipment.

Tamed monsters don't equip items, only summons, but summons come with their own unique equipment that evolves with them as they progress, and they cannot equip "player" items either.

"There's so much… Uegh…" sighed Vudia.

"Let's get to work, Vudia, we have to look for the best equipment to fuse over the equipment of Master!" said Anna, she seemed inspired to look for the most fitting and best ones, so the pile of items began to be slowly analyzed in detail by everyone's combined efforts.

As I continued to check for the right items, I separated the equipment from consumable items and found that there were dozens of the same types of concoctions and potions.

Now that I wonder that, I really lack a healing skill to heal others… so I guess these ones will go to the "bank" of consumable items for the use of others in the future…

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Summoner: Supreme Summoner System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young web novelist who is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 108 - Picking Up Equipment To Fuse!


-----

"There's so much… Uegh…" sighed Vudia.

​​ "Let's get to work, Vudia, we have to look for the best equipment to fuse over the equipment of Master!" said Anna, she seemed inspired to look for the most fitting and best ones, so the pile of items began to be slowly analyzed in detail by everyone's combined efforts.

As I continued to check for the right items, I separated the equipment from consumable items and found that there were dozens of the same types of concoctions and potions.

Now that I wonder that, I really lack a healing skill to heal others… so I guess these ones will go to the "bank" of consumable items for the use of others in the future…

And it also seems that Vudia will also add her Gold which has been upgraded as she levels up and grow stronger. Perhaps it might one day become something similar to a Divine Material! Who knows?

As I assessed the pile of consumable items and separated them from the pile of equipment, I got a brilliant idea of making more beings such as Annabelle, and build up an entire "ghost town" quite literally…

We are already close to a ruined town, so we might as well steal all these ruined debris and the houses that are into pieces, and ask Annabelle to absorb them with her Material Assimilation, afterwards, like Wisp, she could split herself into tiny ghost houses.

This way, I don't have to share my house with these guys, and later on, as I rescue more people, they will be able to live in there… Yeah, I don't particularly care if they dislike the idea of living inside a ghost house, I don't care at all.

If you're living below me you're living by my rules, so sleep inside a ghost house, and you will like it!

Anyways, I decided to taste the different potions we got around, which were quite interesting, there were over 30 of each one, so drinking one or two of each one as a way to pass time wasn't bad…

I first drank the Rainbow Elixir, which was by the dozens now, not so rare anymore I guess.

The drink was sweet as hell, I thought I would get diabetes… It was like the sweetest nectar there was. So sweet it made my throat ache a bit due to the sugar.

After that, I drank a Status Recovery Potion, which had a dark green color…

Hm, it tasted like wine to an extent, but it was more bitter than liquor.

Then, I went after the red-colored Super Health Potion and the blue-colored Super Mana Potion, both were pretty tasty, not going to lie. They had sweet flavors and resembled sweet berries.

And then there were special Potions named Enhancement Potions, which temporarily increased stats. There were two types, the ones that increased it a fixed amount and the others that increased it a certain percentage.

The strength enhancement potions were orange-colored and tasted like orange soda, the magic one was purple and tasted like grape soda, the dexterity potion was green-colored and tasted like lemon soda.

Lastly, the vitality potions were yellow-colored, and were like orange soda and lemon soda… and the mana potions ended looking and tasting similar to the magic ones.

After drinking them all, I saw that all my stats raised by around 10%, and the effect lasted 72 hours, so three days… Pretty nice.

I tested it with summons, and it also works on them, and also on tamed monsters and in Javier, and they also worked quite fine. So I guess it works with everyone no matter what they really are.

I suppose they will be a useful tool to make someone overall stronger temporarily.

Who knows? The temporal boost might save your life one of these days.

Though I wish I could get a skill like Rainbow Elixir Secretion or something… but I am not a character from my novels, sadly, so I don't have an overpowered power to get Skills from what I eat. I only get new ones from Job Changing and also from Ability Spheres.

Oh right, and from Summons.

Maybe if I can summon a Kireina with Gluttony… I could also get it? And get Devour?

But Kireina is the classic one and she didn't have it! I mean, she got Nyarlathotep, which helps her in devouring anything she wants, but it still is not it. Katrina is similar to her in this regard…

Hmm, now that I got enough Skill Points it should be possible to get Evan's Skills, which I've been saving for some time, but will they even be useful at this point?

Well yes, Skills are always useful one way or another! Even the Goblin Skills were used for surprise attacks, so it works.

Though I wonder if there could be a way to fuse skills in the future, I am accumulating way too many.

After a few hours of looking for the items and inspecting them, we found the best ones I could fuse into my own equipment.

Remembering the limit of four items per equipment type that could be fused over, we picked up 12 items in total that would have their effects and part of their power fused into my own.

For weapons, there was a large blade made of black metal and covered in shiny crystals, exuding an aura of highly magical properties. It was named Blade of Seven Elements, and it was one of the drops from the Rat, being an SSS-Rank Weapon.

Afterward came a large mace made of gold materials, with spikes on its end that could easily grind an enemy to smithereens… It exuded a golden aura. It was named Mace of Annihilation, and it was an SS-Rank weapon.

The third one was a crimson-red dagger that overflowed with a crimson-red aura, it seemed to be incredibly sharp, a gentle rose into my skin made it quickly get sliced… It also had curse-like properties that inhibited wounds from healing properly. It was named Crimson Rose Dagger, SS-Rank.

And the fourth and last weapon, a large staff that glowed with a holy light of powerful magical properties, made of a yellow-gold material and possessing many yellow and white crystals on its top, it had powerful healing powers, it was named Staff of Holy Light, SS-Rank.

With all four of these amazing weapons, my own staff was going to be fused with.

Anna immediately started to work on it, as I was able to see how she employed the power of the Blacksmith Skill, which had awakened into God Blacksmith after she reached level 70. It seems that this power lets her create a domain of flames resembling a furnace, where she puts all four weapons into it and melted them…

Afterward, the melted weapons are put over the staff and formed over with her powerful hammer, which could be used outside of the axe she had.

Due to this process, it seemed like a holy ritual that took a long amount of time.

I quickly checked the other items in the meantime.

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Summoner: Supreme Summoner System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young web novelist who is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 109 - High Expectations


-----

After leaving the four weapons fusing with the main one, I glanced upon the other eight equipment pieces, the best of the best within this pile… it took us some hours to find everything, so of course, they are amazing.

​​ First let's go with the clothes, which encompass an entire slot. Due to this, usually, a whole suit of armor counts as just a single equipment slot, and you gotta equip it completely or it won't give you its effects.

The armor we got was all elemental resistant, and the best we could find.

The first one was a white-colored armor set that was pretty light-weighted, it held holy light attributes within it and was also resistant to darkness and shadow attributes. It seemed to be the armor a paladin would wear…

The second one was a red-colored set that seemed like a wizard, it was completely red, with blazing flames-like decorations made of golden fabric, it was a good one to enhance fire damage and it also gave elemental resistance to wind and water.

The third one was something that looked like a futuristic latex suit reinforced with high magic technology, it seemed to enhance physical and magical capabilities, alongside flexibility. The suit looked a lot like those that are worn in Gantz...

And the fourth piece of equipment resembled some casual wear, with a large white lab coat, something that a crazy scientist would wear… It seemingly enhanced crafting and alchemy abilities.

All of them were SS-Rank in Grade, so they were going to be pretty nice additions.

Lastly, there were the accessories. Aside from the Weapon and the set of clothes, there is the third slot, a single accessory! Of course, there are so many types, it feels unfair that you can't equip more than one. And well, you can, but you won't get their effects…

Yeah, that's why I am so thankful for the ability to fuse equipment that the Blacksmith Skill brings, especially with Anna, a powerful summon that is specialized in blacksmithing, crafting, and also she is a good fighter.

You can also use the system to directly add materials into equipment to upgrade it, of course, but Anna is different, as she brought the ability to fuse equipment, before that, you could only use raw materials over it, but she brings this special power and if she does it, it also costs less Gold.

And here are the accessories…

The first accessory was an azure-blue ring with the power of the Blessing of Water Nymphs, enhance water resistance and water damage dealt, while also bringing the power to summon water and control it through the Hydrokinesis ability.

The second accessory was a watch, yes, a golden watch which seemed to have the power to hasten the cooldown of skills and let me conjure magic incredibly fast as well.

The third accessory was a bracelet with a skull decoration on top of it, it enhanced the power of Undead that I created through Necromancy, and it also brought Necromancy as an Ability, but I already had it… well, it might become stronger with two now.

And the fourth accessory was a pendant with a red and orange feather stuck to it. This feather was named Phoenix Feather, and the accessory gave me the ability to have multiple lives… yes, even if my Vitality Reaches zero, I will revive once. This has a cooldown of an entire week, but it might reduce with the Watch's effect.

The first three accessories were SS-Rank, while the last one was SSS-Rank, and was dropped by the Rat, this is why it was so overpowered.

It will certainly come in handy. Although I really don't want to die or something… So I don't know if it will ever become useful unless there is a cataclysmic event where Earth is destroyed and everyone, including me, dies.

But then I revive in the middle of the space… Haha, like hell that would happen, I won't let this planet be destroyed… After all, this planet is the world I was born in.

With this overpowered gear, Anna quickly begins to fuse it over my other equipment, she was working very hard within the Furnace Domain she created.

Something interesting to note, as a side note that is not so related to what I was talking about previously, is that most of the Summons had begun to exude some sort of divine energy within them, similarly to me. It seems that as they level up and progress, they can even become God-Grade Summons or something…

Although we are really at very early stages, so we can't really tell what is truly happening with everyone. And even as a Pseudo Demigod, I am still not a Demigod, but I got like… I don't know, it is as if I were halfway through it, but not yet.

I still have to level up some more, change jobs, and reach the last Rank of a Pseudo Demigod, becoming 9/9 and finally seeing if, after that, I can become an actual Demigod… I asked Gaia over it, and she had no idea, never in the past has any mortal ever been raised to godhood, so she was in the blue on all of this, sadly.

Hopefully, as we progress, we can develop more divine powers, although it seems that our Skills alone make a good difference, some of the skills, as they are already low ranked, might not offer as much power against stronger beings. Although at the very least, those at S-Rank and above might still be powerful enough.

I could also try to infuse the power of my skills into my Beast Orb as I did against the rat. By fire wasn't potent enough to burn it, but when I fused it with the Beast Spirit, the golden flames were very powerful and managed to leave big wounds over the beast. Although its regeneration capacity was also insane… so I don't know how strong other monsters within the rat's existence realm might end up being…

"Master, it's done!"

Anna quickly brought me the upgraded equipment.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 110 - Divine Weapon!


-----

"Phew, it was tough, but I managed to do it. I also used the bones, scales, and other materials that we got from butchering the monsters, there were also some magic ingots and crystals dropped from the treasure chests, which were also added… The result… is probably the best equipment I've made up to date," said Anna with a prideful smile.

​​ Anna quickly brought the pieces of equipment, putting them over the table as I inspected them in detail.

Their magnificent appearances surprised me even more, the amount of magical essence leaking from every piece of equipment was insane, especially because there was already a lot of mana within the equipment itself as if it were more than alive… Even more, it didn't simply have mana, but also Beast Ki!

Yes, it has Beast Ki because Anna also used the many Beast Orbs within the corpses of the monsters we killed! It contained the power and essence of magical beasts within, making them even more relucent, with transcendental power within…

"Amazing, Anna! You're exceeded yourself this time around, excellent work!" I said, praising Anna as she blushed.

"I am glad you like them! I put a lot of effort into them..." said Anna with a gentle smile, I couldn't help but pet her head and caress her fluffy squirrel ears.

After that, I watched over the equipment with growing interest, my eyes gleamed with interest and even a bit of greed… I mean, seeing this amazing equipment here gleaming with amazing colors and essence really pumped me up. I couldn't wait to equip it and see its effects.

Something to note is that after reaching SSS-Rank+++ in quality, the next Ranks seem to be different, not based on letters anymore. After SSS-Rank comes Mythical Rank, and then Legendary, Phantasmal, Heavenly, and so on… All these equipment were clearly way above SSS-Rank+++ after being fused with so much high-quality equipment, of course.

The first piece of equipment I decided to check the weapon, of course. Which was also the most relucent and magnificent of all of them.

Let's see… first of all, it went from a Staff to a beautiful golden spear. Every time I moved it around, it exuded the light of the rainbow around, like a celestial aura of bright colors filled with elemental essence. The beauty of such a weapon surprised me… Anna named it after the name I picked, which was…

…

[Seven-Colored Divine Elemental Spear of Oblivion: Gungnir (Mythical-Rank+++)]

[Durability: 70.000/70.000]

[Attack Power: 55.000]

[Essence Conductivity: 35.000]

[Weapon Speed: 65.000]

[Traits: [Divine Weapon (SSS)], [Evolving Divine Weapon (SSS)], [Automatic Divine Reconstruction (SSS)], [Annihilation Renewal (SSS)], [Divine Essence Conductivity (SSS)], [Divine Judgement (SSS)], [Evil-Cleansing Divine Flare (SSS)], [World-Destroying Divine Storms (SSS)], [Soul Destruction (SSS)], [Divine Skill Enhancement (SSS)], [Seven Elements Requiem (SSS)] (New!), [Unhealing Accursed Wounds (SSS)] (New!), [Life Bestowal (SSS)] (New!), [Gungnir (SSS)] (New!)

…

Simply put… AMAZING!

This was, with a lack of a better term… Incredible.

The power within this Spear could not even compare to what it used to be before when it was the B-ranked Staff… Now, look at this monstrosity! Every single Skill ranked up to SSS-Rank after being enhanced so much with the other overpowered weapons we fused over it, and they became just as great.

It is not classified as a "Divine Weapon" and not a "Cursed Weapon", and it also has many abilities such as the power to continue evolving with me, automatic reconstruction, the power to drain the life of whatever it hurts, to leave cursed wounds that don't easily heal, the power to conduct any type of energy, and more…

It has so many effects it would be hard to explain them all in detail.

But at least, for the new ones, it seems that Seven Elements Requiem covers the entire weapon with elements and lets it release several spear-shaped projectiles made of elements. It requires me to infuse the elements, of course, but the power is devastating, perhaps the same as Kireina's Khaos Spear in terms of power, if not more.

It even has the power to use the life it steals from the targets it damages and stores it as healing power that can be used to heal not only me but anyone else, which was pretty interesting.

And lastly, it has the mysterious Gungnir Trait, which, just like the real deal, lets the spear track an enemy and always land on its target! No one can evade my spear anymore… Of course, it is an activation effect, so it has a cooldown and it cost quite the gargantuan amount of Mana and Beast Ki…

However, with the power of the enhanced accessory, I might be able to reduce its cooldown, which seems to be of 2 hours. The power of this weapon was so fantastical I almost got paralyzed.

I couldn't believe that my cute and humble squirrel blacksmith Anna did this! She was fantastic in such a well-done work.

I quickly grabbed the spear with my hands, as I felt its essence quickly fuse with my soul, and I equipped it!

It gave me a giant influx of new power, so much it left me paralyzed in awe…

Amazing!

With this new power, I quickly began to utilize it to make it flow through my body. By merely equipping this weapon and then receiving its boost, my entire body was overflowing with a golden and rainbow-colored aura that seemed to warp space and time itself.

The power alone was outstanding, nothing I've ever seen before… I felt like I was slowly nearing the power of those accursed Celestials that had been here for some time already. Their power was so big they didn't even notice me the first time they arrived here… Maybe it is finally time to tip the scales?

Hmm… Not enough, I want to accumulate more power before I can begin killing these invaders.

But maybe trapping a weak one and slaughtering it with everything I got might be possible…

I wonder how much EXP I could get out of one of those bastards…

Anyways, I managed to somehow take away my eyes from the splendor of such a weapon as I glanced at the next item at my side.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 111 - Divine Equipment And Accessory


-----

After the amazing power that I felt after I equipped and fused my soul with the essence of Gungnir, I decided to look over the next equipment, the clothes.

​​ The clothes… well, they resembled something straight out of an end game MMORPG equipment set, it looked almost like the previous set, but it was flashing with purple and black colors, alongside golden ornaments showing all sorts of decorations and other things, it also had large and armored shoulder pads, alongside a chest armor that flashed with bright golden color.

By merely glaring at it I knew it contained an enormous quantity of essence, perhaps both mana and beast ki combined together, I quickly equipped it as I glanced at the stats, which left me baffled…

…

[Divine Blight Dawn Guardian of Beast Spirits Set (Mythical-Rank+++)]

[Durability: 110.000/110.000]

[Essence Conductivity: 100.000]

[Physical Defense: 85.000]

[Magical Defense: 95.000]

[Traits: [Divine Equipment (SSS)], [Evolving Divine Equipment (SSS)], [Automatic Divine Reconstruction (SSS)], [Status Effect Immunity (SSS)], [Divine Essence Conductivity (SSS)], [Divine Fire Enhancement (SSS)], [Divine Storms Enhancement (SSS)], [Divine Golden Aura Ward (SSS)], [Divine Essence Absorption (SSS)], [Divine Holy Ward (SSS)] (New!), [Divine Elemental Ward (Fire, Wind, Water) (SSS)] (New!), [Hyper-Enhanced Magic Technology Super Body Suit (SSS)] (New!), [Alchemist Master (SSS)] (New!)

…

It was amazing! The stats had skyrocketed so much it left me baffled, the amount of stats it had was outstanding. I remember that the previous stats at B-Rank were around 8.000 ~ 10.000, but now, they had increased exponentially!

Durability became incredible, deserving of being 110k as it was a Divine Equipment set. It alongside a new stat that the previous versions lacked, which was Essence Conductivity… It was even higher than the Weapon!

This is most likely because the set of armor is larger and it covers the body, so it is important to have a good conductivity of essence and energies to enhance my body.

And perhaps because of the new and amazing traits it possesses, such as the [Divine Holy Ward (SSS)], [Divine Elemental Ward (Fire, Wind, Water) (SSS)], [Hyper-Enhanced Magic Technology Super Body Suit (SSS)], and [Alchemist Master (SSS)]. Each trait was amazing, and it brought new effects.

All the Ward Traits bring super resistance to these elements, alongside an increase in their power whenever I use them. The Hyper-Enhanced Magic Technology Super Body Suit Trait is the best, as it stacks up energies and essences to enhance my body passively, probably doubling my physical strength, dexterity, and stamina.

The last Trait is… Master Alchemist! This Skill has the power to give me the ability to use Alchemy. Fusing items to create new ones, or create completely new ones out of raw materials, also, to infuse magic runes into items and enhance their effects. It could be said that Anna has been doing this a lot too, but she doesn't particularly consider herself an alchemist.

Now, looking at the new accessory, it resembled… a ring.

Yeah, all the large accessories were compacted into a small ring, a ring that contains an immense amount of power, of course.

The ring seemed to be made of black, gold, and red-colored metallic material entangled together and shaped into a ring shape. It exuded a tremendous and colorful aura, as if the entire ring was a living being, with the same level of power as that rat… Atop the ring there was a small, red-colored jewel, decorating it with a simple look, deceiving anyone that might not know its true potential.

I looked at the ring stats only to be amazed even more…

…

[Divine Demonic Ring of Malicious Infernal Souls (Mythical-Rank+++)]

[Durability: 50.000/50.000]

[Essence Conductivity: 120.000]

[Bonus Stats: 30.000]

[Traits: [Divine Accessory (SSS)], [Divine Evolving Accessory (SSS)], [Automatic Divine Reconstruction (SSS)], [Divine Essence Conductivity (SSS)], [Demonic Corrosion Aura (SSS)], [Infernal Abyssal Shadow Spear (SSS)], [Lucifer's Fortune (SSS)], [Divine Multi-Elemental Spirit Blessing (SSS)] (New!), [Chronology Watch (SSS)] (New!), [Hydrokinesis (SSS)] (New!), [Devil Necromancy (SSS)] (New!), [Abyssal Phoenix Feather (SSS)] (New!)

…

Much like the other Equipment, this Ring became something else completely, its stats had also skyrocketed, and it not only brought bonus dexterity but a bonus to all stats!

And even more, the traits had all evolved and some new ones seemed to pack a lot of things… So let's unpack them slowly.

Demonic Corrosion Aura seems to be the upgrade of the venom secretion Skill… now it not only secretes a venom but a deadly aura of corrosion that can be used to enhance my attacks or coat my entire body.

Demon's Fortune became Lucifer's Fortune, and its power to steal the fortune of foes and stockpile into a cloud of fortune had become even greater, to the point that I could… maybe… steal the fortune of a Celestial… Hmm…

All of the elemental blessing skills became the Divine Multi-Elemental Spirit Blessing Trait, giving an enhancement to most elements and also enhancing the resistance against them.

The Chronology Watch Skill gave me the power to reduce the cooldown of all my Skills by 50%, halving their cooldown! Even more, if I use its active effect, it seems that it can enhance my speed up to 50% as well, while I can also conjure some kind of slow-down effect in my enemies.

Hydrokinesis helps me control and create water… and its SSS-Rank, so it is rather strong.

Devil Necromancy is an even better Necromancy…

And Abyssal Phoenix Feather is… well, the ability I had explained previously, granting me the power of full revival every 7 days, which is halved to 3 and a half days of cooldown…

However, as it turned into Abyssal Phoenix Feather from Phoenix Feather, it got another effect, the power to enhance my stats each time I die and revive, in exchange for contaminating my soul with Abyssal Darkness… But that's not really a bad thing, it's a plus, the more abyssal darkness and power it accumulates inside my soul, the more stats increase, and I could even deal even more damage with darkness and shadow-based skills or spells!

It was an interesting spell, although needing to die to see its effects is rather unappealing… Also, the cooldown effect is based in the outside world time, not in the Inner World, so even if I am here, it won't advance as fast as it does outside.

With all of this equipment, I feel a rush of new power coat my entire body by merely equipping them…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 112 - Rushing Outside


-----

By merely equipping these items, I feel like my power has increased probably three times… However, it doesn't show in my existence realm because, at the end of the day, it is "borrowed" power from the equipment itself, not part of me.

​​ But as long as I live I can keep this equipment equipped through the system, even if they are torn into pieces, they will slowly regenerate back into perfect condition over my body, so it could still be said to be like my own power…

Well, anyways, after equipping all three items, it felt as if my entire body was exuding a gigantic aura that resembled a sea of darkness and gold colors, twisting together into a chaotic atmosphere.

"Amazing… my creations truly look wonderful over Master," said Anna.

"I have to admit it, you did an amazing work there, Anna," said Kireina.

"Indeed!" said Katrina.

"My gold was also used, papa! That's why the equipment is so shiny!" said Vudia.

"Oh? Really? I see… Maybe that's the reason why everything is so goldy… Well, I like it, has a lustrous feeling to it," I said, petting the adorable Vudia.

"With such glorious equipment, my lord will take anyone before his path," said Wagyu.

"Can I wear it?" asked Aqua while bouncing around

"Erm… No… But you could try out using the other equipment… Wait- Summons can't… Well, bring Javier and the rest of his group, I want them to use whatever they want in this pile,"

After some time Javier and his party finished their training in the training grounds and rushed to my side, as I greeted them with a giant pile of items.

All of them had already seen the riches I had, but they were almost going to cry when they heard that I told them that they could pick up whatever they wanted.

"R-Really, Gustav!?" asked Javier, almost beginning to cry.

"Erm… Yes, pick them up, none in my party can use them because we got better equipment, I just upgraded mine picking the best here, so these are the leftover equipment, pick whatever you want and don't contain yourself," I said.

"A-Amazing!"

"Thank you so much!"

"It takes so much luck to even get a dropped item from monsters…"

"Yet there is a lot here!"

Oh? Does it take a lot of luck?

After some discussions with Javier and his party, I discovered that the drop of items is not as big as it is for me. It seems that alongside killing hundreds of monsters, my naturally high fortune which is accumulated after stealing it from many makes it so I get a bunch of rare drops.

I see, so I guess even this group that survived for some time killing a few dozen of monsters didn't get anything worthwhile, I guess this is why it is impacting them so much to the point of bringing them to tears…

Though I still think they're being melodramatic. Stop crying!

Anyways, after this, everyone picked up new equipment, ad their power easily multiplied, they were around B-Rank in power, but after equipping the items, all of them were easily comparable to S-Rank! So they were very useful now. Well, a bit. I will still use them as soldiers and recon for now. If they are weak enough to almost die, we can always heal them over and over again until they grow stronger.

Still, due to the EXP System, by merely helping with killing monsters, they can get shared EXP and level up at a fast pace, especially if we come across a big army of monsters in the way.

Now that I was done with this, I decided to finally get out of the Inner World.

Opening a rift in space, we jumped outside of the Inner World, and we rushed through the skies.

Javier and the rest were having trouble flying properly, but they would get used to it eventually.

We also brought Annabelle with us, the giant ghost house, which generated enormous arms made of wood ad phantom.

We had cleansed this entire area of monsters, so it was now awfully silent, almost peaceful.

And the crack… was gone.

What happened there?

Did killing the rat made it so the dimension closed?

Well, better for us, although it might be sad as humans won't be able to bathe on this to easily grow stronger anymore, I already got what I wanted from there.

For the moment we rushed back into the town where Javier came from, and as I left the team killing some weak monsters that were roaming around, I began to order Annabelle to absorb all the ruins around, the houses that were here were excellent materials for her to grow bigger, so she immediately began to siphon everything and becoming enormous, like a giant manor although it looked like many pieces of houses stitched together, not so pretty.

Javier watched with awe and surprise as the entire town was no more after around 5 minutes, and Annabelle had grown gigantic from this.

"Now, go back for now," I said.

Annabelle quickly rushed inside the Inner World and began to do as I ordered her, splitting herself into pieces and slowly building an entire town made of ghost houses.

And what would you know? We got a lot of human corpses, which I raised into undead right away and deposited into the inner world. There were also some survivors, who were hiding in the underground areas. Around ten terrified people. They were way too scared, so Kireina made them sleep with her Illusion Magic for the moment, and I put them inside the Inner World, inside of the split ghost houses from Annabelle.

Anyways, after this, we continued our travel through the skies, finally getting closer to our destiny, a large city, which name I don't know, but it must be near the border between Canada and USA.

As we got closer, we noticed that large spaceships were floating near us, we decided to descend and see if they had not detected us but…

FLASH!

BOOOM!!!

A giant laser beam reached the ground right next to me… I guess we will have to inevitable fight.

Good.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 113 - The Aliens


-----

"Now, go back for now," I said.

​​ Annabelle quickly rushed inside the Inner World and began to do as I ordered her, splitting herself into pieces and slowly building an entire town made of ghost houses.

And what would you know? We got a lot of human corpses, which I raised into undead right away and deposited into the inner world. There were also some survivors, who were hiding in the underground areas. Around ten terrified people. They were way too scared, so Kireina made them sleep with her Illusion Magic for the moment, and I put them inside the Inner World, inside of the split ghost houses from Annabelle.

Anyways, after this, we continued our travel through the skies, finally getting closer to our destiny, a large city, which name I don't know, but it must be near the border between Canada and USA.

As we got closer, we noticed that large spaceships were floating near us, we decided to descend and see if they had not detected us but…

FLASH!

BOOOM!!!

A giant laser beam reached the ground right next to me… I guess we will have to inevitable fight.

Good.

-----

After the Ragnarök began, several cracks in space opened, leading their world to many others.

Although other entities from different dimension's worlds started to invade their world, they were prepared…

After all, they were one of the greatest races within their universe, the Slarkobs, who had invaded thousands of star systems and were the greatest empire in their universe!

They had used their amazing technology to travel the stars and reach up to the confines of their universe, invading every planet with life and turning such people into their cattle, slaves, or also lesser citizens! They were so greedy that even planets without life were used, as the materials they held were precious for the creation of their technology, no cosmic body was safe from the Slarkobs greed!

When the cracks opened and monsters and other beings from other worlds emerged, the Slarkobs readied their amazing high-tech machinery and decimated every single one of them! Extracting their bodies and using them was materials, researching all these new types of powers, such as Beast Ki, Mana, Demon Energy, and more…

After destroying the invaders, the Slarkobs were excited for more conquest, readying gigantic fleets of spaceships loaded with weapons of mass-destruction, as they flew into other worlds and began an inter-dimensional invasion!

They reached new worlds of all shapes and sizes, and immediately were known all across the Fused Dimensions as the "aliens".

Now, a small fleet of them were sent into a lesser world that had barely just awakened a supernatural power, had a lesser and stupid civilization, and it didn't even had high technology! The humans here were so pathetic they never reached any further than their own moon! The Slarkobs sent here were for a field day…

They immediately found more invaders, but decided to cooperate with them to destroy the civilizations and conquer the essence and resource-rich planet afterwards. Most likely killing the other invaders after the civilizations here are wiped out by their combined efforts.

They quickly flew through the entire planet and began to bombard the largest countries with mass-destruction bombs, laser beams, and missiles, as they utilized their special essence-absorbing devises to absorb the essence of the corpses they slain, gaining this new resource the Slarkobs discovered after the Dimensional Cracks started to emerge in their essence-less universe.

After all, the Slarkobs came from a universe without magic nor supernatural powers, where they had merely used incredibly advanced technology to conquer the confines of this world. They were even able to absorb the energy of stars by depositing special constructions around them, absorbing 100% of all of their power, and making immense farms of stars across the universe.

However, the structure of such things in worlds with essence were difference, even stars seemed stronger as they were packed with the essence of attributes. This planet was an essence-based world that was almost essence-less due to the bad talent that life had over the usage of essence.

Due to this, they were very mediocre and could not fight back at all… the strongest being in this planet was, funnily enough, the world's core itself, which contained the highest concentration of essence as it was born from its crystallization.

It had used some kind of power to grant the mortals of this world a system that could help them absorb the essence of the things they killed, leveling up and using such essence to both make the individual stronger while also sharing a bit of it to the core for its nourishment.

However, due to the bad preparation, not many mortals were able to develop new powers through this system, and millions were dying without even being able to fight back.

The Slarkobs had analyzed this powerful essence-based ability, the system, and found it amusing on its complexity and power. However, the mortals were too stupid or naïve to use it correctly, or perhaps too scared to even concentrate on it due to the many catastrophes emerging everywhere, they were given such a nice power, but they were unable to employ it correctly!

The Slarkobs that invaded Earth quickly sent a message to their home dimension, showing this system power and promising the capture of the planet's core so they could force it to share this power with all Slarkobs, enhancing their ability to absorb essence, which they were very bad at it due to coming from an essence-less universe.

Due to this, they quickly began to slaughter people even faster than before, those that led these fleets of spaceships were eager to use this power whenever they could capture the planet's core, so they began to slaughter as many inhabitants as possible to hurry the conquest.

After all, the bloodthirsty race of conquerors knew the rules of the Ragnarök, which were as simple as water!

Kill each other and reach supremacy!

A simple rule, it was the rule of destroying each other, the worlds without life would obviously lose the war and be absorbed by something they had discovered known as Abyssal Void!

As dimensions continued to lose, they would begin to absorb by the Abyssal Void and disappear! This was, after all, a battle royale! The losers would obviously lose, and their dimensions would disappear…

The Slarkobs had seen this in HD through the cameras they had left in a dimension they had completely obliterated, as a never-ending black-hole-like darkness vacuumed the entirety of that dimension, destroying it!

Due to this, the Slarkobs had a sense of concern, feeling like they needed to quickly bring the end of many so their own universe wouldn't end!

For this, their bloodthirsty natures intensified to new levels of monstrosity and ruthlessness.

And as a large part of this fleet sent to Earth were leisurely disintegrating the life of this world with gigantic laser beams, they suddenly felt a powerful entity rushing towards them with bad intentions through their special technology.

This entity exuded an immense amount of essence like nothing they had ever felt that originated from this planet… Perhaps the other invaders might be stronger, but this being was perhaps the strongest inhabitant of this world!

The Slarkobs quickly went to kill it… It couldn't be left alive, not at all!

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 114 - Annihilating Spaceships 1


-----

The Slarkobs had a sense of concern, feeling like they needed to quickly bring the end of many so their own universe wouldn't end!

​​ For this, their bloodthirsty natures intensified to new levels of monstrosity and ruthlessness.

And as a large part of this fleet sent to Earth were leisurely disintegrating the life of this world with gigantic laser beams, they suddenly felt a powerful entity rushing towards them with bad intentions through their special technology.

This entity exuded an immense amount of essence like nothing they had ever felt that originated from this planet… Perhaps the other invaders might be stronger, but this being was perhaps the strongest inhabitant of this world!

The Slarkobs quickly went to kill it… It couldn't be left alive, not at all!

-----

The moment we reached this big city, a large fleet of spaceships, which were another group of invaders I saw on the first day of the Ragnarök was leisurely killing people and destroying the city.

Even with the powerups, I had acquired, I didn't want to be pushy and end up getting killed, so I tried to suppress my power and slowly sneak into the city, however!

FLAASH!

BOOOOM!

A gigantic, red-colored laser beam hit the ground in front of us, leaving an immense crater!

The bastards actually noticed us right away. Perhaps my Beast Ki is way too strong to be easily contained? I should try to look for some accessories that could suppress my power to sneak around places faster…

Well, no point in chickening out now. I quickly decided to fight the large spaceship floating above us that had just fired the laser, the other spaceships were far away, but they slowly began to get near us.

It seemed that they were not so fast for some reason, could there be some kind of element in the environment that slows them down?

"Master, should we run or attack?" asked Kireina.

"Let's go with everything, follow after me, we'll blast the spaceship into the ground!" I roared.

I had already detected and appraised the entire spaceship, the power it contained was perhaps equal to an SSS-Rank+++, but I was already far above that! It was time for some payback, and how not to start it by blasting away one of these alien spaceships into oblivion?

I quickly flew into the skies with my army of summons, tamed monsters, and beast-kin, as they unleashed their magical auras which were combined by the aura of my Beast Orb which I infused with everyone, enhancing their capabilities even more!

I sensed as several lifeforms inside the spaceships suddenly were alerted of my presence even more as if my action actually surprised them.

However, I wasn't going to just charge head-on!

"GUGNIR!"

I quickly took out my enormous golden spear, which began to shine with many colors, forming an aura of rainbows! I infused it with Mana and Beast Ki… and launched it at the spaceship by using its powerful traits, Gungnir and Seven Elements Requiem!

FLAAASH!

The long and sharp spear coated itself with the power of various elements I had infused into it through my various Skills, from Phantom, Fire, Wind, Electricity, Darkness, Shadows, Holy Light, and more!

The powerful spear resembled a flashing rainbow that reached up to the spaceship in time record, touching its surface with a loud and explosive sound!

BOOOOOOOMMM!!

WHAAAM!

Suddenly, the powerful penetrating force of Gungnir was stopped by an immense forcefield that protected the spaceship!

However, not for long!

Crack… crack…!

The forcefield began to crack just half a second after it emerged, and then…

CRAAASH!

The entire thing exploded into pieces, leaving the spaceship unprotected!

FLASH!

Gungnir recharged itself with momentum as it rushed towards the spaceship, the living beings inside of it were alarming as I felt their panic and fear, while I also absorbed their fortune from far away!

"GGGRRRYAAAAARRR!"

BOOOOOOOMMM!!!

The entire spear penetrated through the spaceship, as I heard the agonizing screams of the aliens inside, the spear not only penetrated it once but several times, coming back to the spaceship to pierce through it countless times!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

Countless explosions began to emerge all around the spaceship consecutively, they were not even able to retaliate as they began to slowly fall into the surface, clashing the entire flying behemoth into the ground!

BOOM!

More explosions ensued as I felt a large infusion of EXP reaching to me and everyone around me, we haven't even reached the skies and one of them was already gone!

Gungnir continued to mercilessly destroy all life inside the spaceship, as the entire structure started to fall apart into pieces.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOOM!

Ding!

[You gained a large amount of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 75 to Level 76!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 76 to Level 77!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 77 to Level 78!]

[You gained Skill Points!]

A single spaceship gave me three levels!

Filled with the resolve of saving the planet I was born in and also to level up frantically, I commanded my troops as I flew towards the next spaceship!

It was already readying its weapons, as gigantic laser beam cannons began to charge powerful energy and then firing it at us!

FLAAASH!

"Leave this one to me, Master!"

Kireina suddenly flew in front of us alongside Katrina, as the two suddenly charged their power, shaped it, and infused it into their powerful weapons, and unleashed a combined vortex of chaos and oceanic water towards the beam!

FLAAAAASH!

CLAAASH!

The laser began to fall back as it was easily overpowered, the all-consuming chaos and the powerful force of high-pressured water were enough to overwhelm the laser and then continue forward, reaching the cannon itself and decimating it!

BOOM!

I quickly heard several strange voices talking in a language I was not able to discern within the spaceship, as they suddenly began to release enormous missiles!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

The missiles seemed to be packed with some highly powerful material from their original world, which held an even stronger explosive power than nuclear power… And they were just throwing it off to us?! Perhaps they saw us as a deserving enough threat of such a nice gift!

Well, thanks for the nice welcome party, you sack of EXP!

I quickly controlled the power of everyone through my connection using Beast Ki into them, using the power of this connection, I infused the power of most of those around me into Ervas!

"Ervas!" I called to him, as the half-demon boy nodded.

"Leave it to me, Master!"

FLASH!

Ervas flew towards the missiles as he generated enormous bubbles made of Psychokinesis, the awakened form of Telekinesis, which he sent straight back to the spaceships!

Yes, he can do that now, even I was surprised by the intensity and power of his Psychokinesis, but to be honest, it is just like in the novel…!

The missiles were sent back to the spaceship, as the aliens inside despaired…

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Summoner: Supreme Summoner System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young web novelist who is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 115 - Annihilating Spaceships 2


-----

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

​​ Ervas had fired the powerful missiles the aliens launched at us, doing an Uno Reverse Card into their asses!

The explosions that ensued afterward were beautiful, as the entire spaceship began to explode into pieces, the forcefield they had was useless against their super-powered missiles, and yet another spaceship bit the dust!

Gungnir quickly flew towards it, making sure to slaughtering anything inside as it began to destroy the entire spaceship into even more pieces!

CLASH! CLASH! CLAAASH!

And as that happened, even more EXP rushed into my entire being, but not only me but everyone began to quickly level up, the aliens inside were really nice sacks of EXP, it seemed. Although I began to believe that even destroying the spaceships could net EXP as well…

Ding!

[You gained a large amount of EXP!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 78 to Level 79!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 79 to Level 80!]

[You gained Skill Points!]

[Stockpiled EXP has been saved, please change Jobs to use it]

Level 80 is merely a few minutes of getting out of the Inner World!

However, I had no time to leisurely go back to my Inner World, if the aliens see me getting inside of a rift in space and disappearing afterward, they might learn my secret and find a way to get inside through some space-manipulating device or something.

Perhaps my imagination was running too wild there, but it was better to kill these guys first

After all, the EXP is not lost but stockpiled, so I might as well stockpile a lot before going back to my Inner World.

However, as we flew through the skies, the other four spaceships that there were here quickly flew towards us, launching missiles, firing laser beams, and releasing hundreds of tiny drones packed with shotguns and explosives!

I left Ervas pack the missiles within his Psychokinesis with great mastery and carefulness, and telling him to launch them back at the bastards, which he did contently!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

The drone army reached up to us as well, quickly firing countless little light bullets with the power to easily leave holes in a giant tank.

However, everyone in here was at least SS-Rank in power, while with my Beast Ki Aura boost, they reached up to SSS-Rank+++ if not a bit more!

My army quickly spread across the battlefield and began to decimate the drones, even Javier and his group were doing some great Job. Thank the boost of my golden aura connecting to their Beast Orbs, their Beast Spirits were coming out even stronger than before, some fought protecting their main bodies while others fused with the beast spirit right away, such as Javier.

CLASH! BOOM! CRASH!

A giant red bear spirit emerged out of Javier's father as it began to crush the drones, while a large tortoise protected his mother, and Javier himself shapeshifted into a werewolf with gray fur the size of around three meters, rushing towards the drones and crushing them with his claws and new equipment and weapons. They were doing a great job, despite being newbies.

Meanwhile, I saw Cuco leading most of the tamed monsters, who had grown to immense sizes after reaching SSS-Rank Grade, even Cuco was around ten meters big, while the viper and the bee queen were as big as 40 meters, and the scarlet spider queen reached up to 50 meters, her immense size, which was flying around in the skies was incredibly intimidating, the drones were easily crushed and their defenses were near impenetrable, not even the powerful light bullets of these highly technological drones were able to do anything!

Meanwhile, my summons did some splendid work, blocking the laser beams with their powers and fighting back against the drones. Sometimes Kireina and Katrina would combine their power and fire a powerful vortex against the spaceships, making them fall back.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

As the explosions continued, I quickly flew towards the nearest spaceship in my range, and called back Gungnir, which flew back to my hand in a second!

FLASH!

The spear began to glow with large amounts of the essence, it seems that it had stockpiled a lot of it as it slaughtered things… To think that this thing used to be an old bat I once used to defend myself in the orphanage which I carried to my department… has really become something that I could have never expected.

With this stockpiled power, it is possible to recharge the weapon and make it even deadlier. So I quickly pointed it at the nearby spaceship as the beings inside panicked. I could clearly hear their screaming voices. But I had absolutely no pity for these bastards.

I infused Gungnir with a large part of the stockpiled essence it had, alongside my own Mana and Beast Ki, and even the other elements through my variety of Skills!

My Beast Spirit, the Golden Flame Chimaera also emerged before me, as it coated the entire weapon with golden flames.

"GO!"

FLAAAAAAAASH!

Flashing through the sky like a missile, the spear quickly reached its target without even missing, the missiles and lasers that the spaceship sent it at it were easily sliced apart and destroyed by its powerful penetrating force!

CLAAAAASH!

The first impact was fierce, the entire forcefield didn't even last a millisecond as the spear destroyed the surface of the spaceship and left a giant hole on it, which began to quickly explode in a chain reaction, making the entire spaceship lose its course and fall into the ground.

Gungnir, however, was vicious, as it continued to rush through the spaceship, piercing it several times and slaughtering everything inside!

I felt the rush of stockpiled EXP cover my entire being, it was a good feeling…

Ding!

[You gained a large amount of EXP]

[EXP has been stockpiled]

[You gained Skill Points]

BOOOM!

Another spaceship fell into the ground, exploding into pieces and leaving a mess on the surface…

The other two spaceships were still some meters away from me. It seemed that the aliens started to panic to the point of considering retreat, as they were no longer advancing towards us, but they quickly became to fly away!

Oh no, you're not going anywhere.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 116 - Annihilating Spaceships 3


-----

I quickly called back Gungnir to my hand, which now had the power of being something of an independent weapon of sorts. It seems that after Anna upgraded it to this point, it gained a soul of its own, an even stronger one than before, which was also overflowing with the divine essence.

​​ Whatever the spear was, it was rather obvious that it loved to slaughter things, it was already covered in the gooey, green-colored blood of the aliens inside the spaceship, which I had seen some of their corpses. They resembled squid-like people, with the faces of squids or octopuses, they had multiple eyes across their bodies, and they were mostly made of tentacles below their heads.

These guys wore special suits that covered their entire bodies, but they were not resistant enough to fight back against the piercing power of my Mythical-Rank Weapon, of course.

I saw the other two spaceships fly away, the aliens inside had already considered retreating, it seemed that I was quite the threat! And the best part was that I haven't even showcased my complete strength.

However, with the power I had now, it was more than enough!

I quickly provoked the aliens, although I didn't know if they could understand my language.

"Why are you running away from me?! Afraid of a measly human? An ant that you've crushed since you got into this planet?! Come confront me!"

Somewhat, this overly forced trash talk actually worked, as the aliens quickly stopped running away and the spaceship suddenly gave a turn, rushing at me and readying all their machinery weaponry!

Suddenly, I heard a voice speaking from within the spaceship…

"[Translating…] [You lowly inferior race, do you dare to insult us, the Slarkobs?!] [Our race has conquered the entire universe and you dare talk down on us?!] [We would rather take you with us than let such an insolent maggot live any other second!]"

It was the voice of an old man or so. It seems that they used their technology to translate what they were talking about! Huh, not bad for some squids.

FLASH!

The two spaceships rushed towards me and readied their weapons, enormous laser beams reached me in a millisecond, however, I had already unleashed the power of my clothes, which generated powerful mana and beast ki-based barrier!

CLAAASH!

The two beams clashed against the golden barrier, as the barrier barely showed some pressure, which quickly recovered each time I infused mana and beast ki into it.

I waved my hands as I infused my body with various Skills and the power of my Beast Orb, as golden flames shaped as two beams of yellow-gold light clashed against the two laser beams, overwhelming them as I pointed the attacks I did against the weapons that launched the beams, easily destroying them in time record.

"Too weak!" I said. I liked to act cocky for once, these motherfuckers really had me angered as to how they came to this world and wreaked havoc.

"[YOU DAMN MAGGOT!]"

It seems that these brainless aliens are easily provoked with some wordplay, I would assume they are so immensely prideful that seeing someone fight back against their tyranny is a great insult to their pride…

CLASH! CLASH!

Suddenly, they opened two cockpits as giant missiles flew towards me, while they began to release two enormous seas of drones packed with all sorts of long-ranged weapons and even short-ranged weapons such as force field shields and gamma blades.

I encompassed my body with my Beast Ki Aura and released the power of my Beast Spirit, as the gigantic chimera made of golden flames began to rush through the skies, crushing the drones and easily decimating the missiles into exploding before reaching me, the power they released could end a city if they were to land in the ground, but by absorbing their power through divine essence absorption, a trait of my clothes, I was able to stop them from fully exploding!

BOOOM! CRAAASH! CLAAASH!

I continued to rush through the army of drones as I used Gungnir and the rest of my Skills to destroy them. In a few seconds, I reached one of the spaceships, which was trying to fire more missiles.

"You're the first one!" I roared, quickly pointing Gungnir at it and firing it!

FLAAAASH!

"[NNGGH?!]"

CLAAAAASH!

Gungnir clashed against the spaceship, broke the forcefield, and rushed inside of it, easily destroying anything within its path, the entire spaceship started to explode, with more explosions happening with each passing second, the agonizing screams of these prideful aliens could be heard across the entire area!

"GGRRRYYAAAAGGH…!"

"H-HOW…?!"

"DAMN… MAGGOT!"

BOOOM!!!

The entire spaceship fell over the ground, as it began to tear into pieces with even more explosions ensuing. The size of these things was like that of a skyscraper, so they were so immense that they took a long time to fully explode into pieces.

I didn't waste any other second as I rushed towards the other spaceship, my allies quickly caught up to me as they began to gang on it from all sides, this spaceship was bigger than the rest, and possessed a powerful forcefield and many other laser beam cannons. Nonetheless, our full-frontal assault easily overwhelmed it, as the forcefield cracked into pieces, Gungnir and the rest of my army quickly decimated it and threw it into the ground!

BOOOM!!!

Another one fell, and this was the last one. There were more, I am sure, but it seems that they had foolishly separated to spread their forces and conquer more land while killing more beings.

I quickly flew down as I entered the burning spaceship and found one of the aliens barely living.

I healed it and then asked Kireina to brainwash it, putting it to sleep as I threw it inside of my Inner World, alongside all the spaceships, which I put inside my Inventory, I had plans for them.

There was also a giant sea of loot already, so I picked it up and then quickly flew underground, breaking a hole in the ground and then filling it with dirt.

Seeing that no one could easily see me now, I created a rift in space and went inside my Inner World.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 117 - A Vengeful Race


-----

BOOOM!!!

Another spaceship fell, and this was the last one. There were more, I am sure, but it seems that they had foolishly separated to spread their forces and conquer more land while killing more beings.

I quickly flew down as I entered the burning spaceship and found one of the aliens barely living.

I healed it and then asked Kireina to brainwash it, putting it to sleep as I threw it inside of my Inner World, alongside all the spaceships, which I put inside my Inventory, I had plans for them.

There was also a giant sea of loot already, so I picked it up and then quickly flew underground, breaking a hole in the ground and then filling it with dirt.

Seeing that no one could easily see me now, I created a rift in space and went inside my Inner World.

There were a lot of things to do now, mostly assess the loot, the giant spaceships, and more...

-----

The Slarkobs received the messages of help too late, when they inspected and scanned the area where the small fleet sent to this unnamed city was, they found nothing.

Not even the spaceships were left! Only some debris… and the blood of their comrades.

The aliens glanced at the footage sent by their comrades before they were to die, the figure of a human coated in golden flames and an aura of immense essence massacring entire spaceships using his large spear showed up. Even the prideful and fearless Slarkobs began to tremble in fear as they saw a measly human, a maggot which they crushed without any problem, fighting back against them like this.

He also saw that he wasn't alone, he had a large group of allies, some seemed incredibly strong, while others showcased powers they had never seen before. Some of them were large beasts while others seemed like humans such as this individual, but that they were able to shapeshift into half-beast beings or even summon beasts made of an otherworldly essence.

Who was this mysterious figure? It was the first time they had ever seen a pathetic human fight back like this! This clearly meant bad news… In the worst possible scenario, they would have to ask for the assistance of the other invaders. Although the Demons seemed to not care about allying them, the Celestials were different, and seemed sufficiently reasonable, especially the one that commanded them all.

"We can't let that being get away with such an insult! Not only he slaughtered them but… he insulted our race and called us cowards!"

"Blood! We'll spill his blood and all those he cares about!"

"This is the way of the Slarkobs, we slaughter, conquer, and never forget grudges!"

The monstrous squid-like aliens gibbered their tentacles in anger and also laughter as they imagined annihilating Gustav and his companions, completely unaware that he was long gone of that place, or well, he had just gotten inside a space which they could not actually detect, not even with the highest technology possible.

After all, even with all the amazing technology the Slarkobs had, they never managed to create a way to travel through spatial layers nor dimension, being left completely hopeless in regards to analyzing spaces in between the spatial layers.

Spatial Layers were endless layers of space that made up the fabric of space, which contained all of the dimensions by itself. Those capable of traveling in between universes inside a dimension had the power to travel through these spatial layers, a power that not many possessed.

And then there were those capable of manipulating spatial layers themselves, or even higher, entire universes… or even higher, dimensions…

The Great One Above All Creation was such an entity, he could be clearly called something like "God" by many, as through his ability to manipulate dimensions, could alter all of existence within them…

Such a level of power could not even be achieved by these invaders. The Slarkobs didn't have the power to travel through universes and dimensions, after all, they were merely using the cracks and rifts in space that led to other dimensions which had emerged across their universe when the Ragnarök began.

Each dimension had certain time differences, some took some more time than others for it to begin due to these differences. In Earth's years, the Slarkobs invasion had begun over 300 years ago, as it has been roughly 320 years since the rifts emerged in their own dimension. However, as Earth was a planet inside a small and faraway lesser dimension, when the merge started, it was one of the last ones to receive the merge effects.

But many beings had already been waiting, sending some troops to invade this lesser and measly planet, amongst the many there were in this dimension. It was only one of the many there was a pathetic one at that.

Due to this, these powerful and otherworldly forces only sent small troops towards this world and many others similar to Earth, completely unaware that there would ever be someone like Gustav to fight back and grow ridiculously fast…

The Slarkobs would desire to bring even more cavalry if they could, but due to the dimensional fluctuations of time within each dimension, it would take months if not an entire year for troops to come from their original dimension towards here… Even if it felt like just a few minutes for the Slarkobs in that dimension…

The farther each dimension was from one another, the bigger the time differences were. And due to this, aside from the initial wave of invaders, Earth would have to wait at least a few months if not an entire year before any new invaders could come through their rifts, unless they were worlds very close to it, such as the world where the giant octopus tentacle comes from, or that of the world of Giant Beasts.

Although they had already sent the message for more reinforcements from their original dimension, the Slarkobs within Earth quickly decided to call the leader of the Celestials, who was sitting on a flying throne while watching over the planet.

Two beautiful Celestial women feed him with delicious food from their original world, each preparation was overflowing with immense quantities of essence that left the Slarkobs in shock.

Unlike them who came from an essence-less world where they maximized in the usage and adaptability of technology, the Celestials were like their complete opposites, as they came from an essence-rich world where every living being born there would be filled with enormous amounts of the essence, Celestial children were already considered Pseudo Demigods when born, and as they grew up, they would naturally attain the power of a Demigod and even acquire a Celestial Divine Weapon as the materialization of their essence, soul, and desires.

Due to all these blessings, the Celestials were a powerful race that had begun to invade other dimensions proactively… But even then, they were good at cooperating with other races sometimes, as long as they shared the same goals and split the gains…

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Summoner: Supreme Summoner System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young web novelist who is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 118 - Soul Cultivation


-----

After everything was done, I quickly moved inside my Inner World with my great loot. We were about to save the city but that could wait a bit longer, I had already told Gaia that I wasn't in a hurry and would assess my gains whenever I got enough. I also needed to change Jobs already so I could use the stockpiled EXP.

I brought with me all the spaceships, which I saved inside my Inventory, alongside the last living member of the aliens, which we healed completely and put to sleep.

We were about to brainwash this guy and make him spit every single piece of information he got about his race, and after that, I don't know, maybe we'll make him into a slave or something, just to make him suffer even more instead of giving him the sweet release of death.

I also decided to try out these aliens, whose meat looked like an octopus, so Kireina and the rest went to butcher them and wash them for the moment, while I moved into raising the other pile of Aliens that were left into Undead.

Of course, I had also caught up their souls, some of them, although I didn't know which soul belonged to which body, so I just put them in each body randomly.

They seemed dull and not as energetically angry as they sounded before, and most seemed to have become as retarded as zombies could get. Perhaps it is just as I thought and it would be better to just make the one that still living to spit the information, it will be a pain to deal with this stupid undead.

I had also begun to taste souls, eating them, or so. It wasn't so bad, and after eating a bunch of these aliens (there were hundreds in every ship), I seemed to have received a mild enhancement in my soul. Perhaps devouring souls is the way to enhance your soul power.

Ding!

[You learned the [Soul Eating (A)] Skill!]

And out of nowhere, I got a new Skill after finally trying out eating souls. I had eaten all sorts of monster meat and their body parts but never got any Skill from it. However, by eating souls, I did get the Soul Eating Skill.

I remember that Wisp had it, and it helped in the digestion of souls, and also on fusing devoured souls into one's body, but it was better to check the info myself.

…

[Soul Eating (A)]

Grants the user the ability to devour souls and assimilate them into the user's soul through soul digestion. By absorbing a soul there is a chance to gain their memories and part of their original power. Devouring and assimilating a soul also grants the power to strengthen one's soul cultivation.

…

Soul Cultivation? Well, that's nice. Although I barely got any glimpses of info from the souls of these monsters, I do know that they come from another world, are named Slarkobs, and seem to lack any kind of magic power.

"Guardian, it seems that a new function has been unlocked after you digested enough souls…" said Gaia.

"Is it? Show it to me," I said.

"Very well…"

Ding!

[Soul Cultivation has been unlocked]

[Soul Cultivation]

A Transcendental type of cultivation that exists in every world, you have unlocked its functions by strengthening your soul density.

By using the universal principles of soul strengthening, you can shape Soul Energy absorbed from other souls into yours, making it your own power and soul.

Soul Cultivation has several Realms.

Soul Energy Gathering Realm.

Soul Core Creation Realm.

Soul Core Nourishment Realm.

Soul Energy Refinement Realm.

Soul Core Enlargement Realm.

Spiritual Soul Realm.

Spiritual Soul Core Realm.

Nascent Soul Realm.

Divine Soul Core Creation Realm.

Divine Soul Realm.

And many more…

…

Interesting, it is divided in between Realms, similarly to Beast Orb? Hmm…

[Starting the adjustment of your soul into Soul Cultivation Realms…]

[Refining soul…]

Wait, refining?

FLASH!

And then, out of nowhere, I felt a sudden burst of new power rushing into my soul, as it began to be refined.

It felt as if my soul was being washed away by some very cold water, while it was being cleansed of its impurities. It was… something amazing.

My soul flowed out of my body like a river, as I glanced as I soared through the Soul Cultivation Realms…

Ding!

[Your Soul Cultivation has reached the [Soul Energy Gathering Realm]!]

Ah, there it is…

However, it didn't stop here, as my soul continued to be refined and evolved through these soul energies…! Within the soul itself, the core of the Flare Sorcerer that resided there, which was a mass of fire attribute mana, began to fuse with the energy and residual essence of the soul, beginning to… crystalize into something!

FLASH!

Suddenly, a beautiful and red-yellow-colored orb emerged in the middle of my soul…!

Ding!

[Your Soul Cultivation has reached the [Soul Core Creation Realm]!]

Soul Core Creation! So this is it… By gathering energy into your soul and materializing it, you acquire a Soul Core, something that enhances your soul power even more…

But this wasn't over yet, I felt that my Soul Core was being constantly nourished by my own soul several times, rotating around while also growing in strength through its refinement and enlargement…!

Ding!

[Your Soul Cultivation has reached the [Soul Core Nourishment Realm]!]

Ding!

[Your Soul Cultivation has reached the [Soul Energy Refinement Realm]!]

Ding!

[Your Soul Cultivation has reached the [Soul Core Enlargement Realm]!]

And just like that, I soared through three Realms at once! Talk about speedrunning…

But, as I had said previously, it wasn't over…

My soul began to glow with some hint of divinity, overflowing through everything and becoming even more "real" as if it were becoming solid… Yet it also flowed with a sparkling yellow essence.

Ding!

[Your Soul Cultivation has reached the [Spiritual Soul Realm]!]

Ding!

[Your Soul Cultivation has reached the [Spiritual Soul Core Realm]!]

Ding!

[Your Soul Cultivation has reached the [Nascent Soul Realm]!]

My Soul Core was enhanced into a Spiritual Soul Core, and then my soul became a Nascent Soul. It really felt as if it was born anew…!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 119 - New Mind Skills


-----

After the rank-up of my soul cultivation, not only my soul received benefits but the entirety of my body. After the soul is enhanced enough, its power is shared to the body through Soul Veins, Mana Veins, and so on.

Hence, the more I infuse my own soul energy into my body, the stronger I can grow. This means that the stronger my soul grows, the stronger my body can develop too.

It is an amusing thing to think about… the power of my soul has really skyrocketed to new levels of power by just eating a few Souls from these Mindflayer-like aliens!

Now, I decided to check my stats, as it seems that they had increased. Well, there's also the increase that I got with each level as well.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [76]

[Gold: [293.348]

[Hero Feathers: [112.742]

[Hero Fragments: [5.200]

[Job: [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer]

[Skill Points: [166.294]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: Rank 2/9 (Initial Stage) > (Peak Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Celestial Beast Spirit (Initial Stage) > (Peak Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Nascent Soul Realm (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [75/80] > [80/80]

[Vitality: [190.000/190.000 > 230.000/230.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.000]

[Mana: [335.000/335.000 > 390.000/390.000] [Growth Per Level: 7.000]

[Strength: [212.500 > 255.000] [Growth Per Level: 6.500]

[Magic: [235.000 > 280.000] [Growth Per Level: 7.000]

[Dexterity: [177.500 > 215.000] [Growth Per Level 5.500]

…

My stats increased by a decent amount by just leveling up, and then the soul cultivation kicked in, increasing each stat by 10k! Except for Mana, which actually increased by 20k… It seems that the soul is the one responsible for storing my Mana, so it makes sense that it increased more when I upgraded my Soul…

I am still concerned about why the Beast Ki is not showing in my stats, but maybe Gaia might know something…

"Oh, that's because it is added into your own Mana, Beast Ki seems to qualify as a type of essence, even if it is different than Mana, it is added into the Mana Stat. This might happen with every single type of otherworldly essence you can assimilate, it will all show up as Mana within the status…" said Gaia.

"Oh… Even when I can easily differentiate their properties and from where they are coming from?"

"Indeed. And due to this, by leveling you also increased your maximum Beast Ki and cultivated your Beast Orb even without being able to absorb any other Beast Orb, effectively cultivating and enhancing your Realm of Cultivation of your Beast Orb by just leveling up!" said Gaia.

"Well, that's convenient… Is it the same for Javier and the rest?" I asked.

"Indeed. Even if they are not really talented at magic or mana usage, their mana stat appears to be high due to this reason," said Gaia.

Interesting… Now I wonder if I can find any other type of otherworldly essence to assimilate and grow even stronger. The Beast Ki brought me a crazy boost to my capabilities.

Sadly, these ugly aliens don't have any otherworldly essence as their world was essence-less, although it seemed that the high caste of their race was able to use Psionic Energy, a type of energy that is generated by the mind, which let them do things such as Telepathy, Telekinesis, and other things. But they had reached the limits of such power and didn't seem to have developed it further than these two functions, which were also limited based on their brain size and their lineages.

I suppose that's why there are a few of the Ability Spheres that they dropped possessing abilities, even when they were pretty much magic-less.

The Ability Spheres they dropped were of a small amount, but they still dropped some after hundreds of them died. It was funny to realize that each ship actually had almost a hundred of these squids inside. I guess that's why they give so much EXP when I blasted them into the ground…

Anyways, I decided to absorb the Soul Spheres they dropped to increase my stats, and also absorbed the Ability Spheres to get new abilities…

Ding!

[You gained +12.000 Mana, +8.000 Vitality, +4.000 Strength, +5.000 Magic, and +7.000 Dexterity!]

[You learned the following Skills]

[Psionic Energy Arts (A)]

[Telekinesis (A)]

[Telepathy (A)]

[High Technology Engineer (A)]

…

I acquired four skills from them, it seems that this was the best they could offer.

There were around a few more Ability Spheres, and I began to think about what to do with them. Summons or Monster Pets can't learn Abilities through them, so the best I could do is gift it to Javier and his group… All the Ability Spheres possess Skills I already own, and I can't absorb them to rank up the skills or something, I can't use them anymore when I already have the Skill.

Javier and his party also helped in the fight and fought against the large armies of drones, and also ganged on the spaceships, so they cooperated well enough.

Due to that, I decided to give them to Javier and let him distribute them around if they wanted.

Anyways, these new Skills seemed quite useful, Telepathy could let me speak with others from far away, and Telekinesis gave me the ability to move objects with my thoughts by employing psionic energy produced from my brain.

Psionic Energy Arts would help me get used to these energies that had just begun to overflow from my mind out of nowhere the moment I learned the Skills, and I might be able to do more with Telekinesis and Telepathy as I develop my newfound mind powers.

And lastly, the High Technology Engineer Skill seemed to help me comprehend the technology of the aliens, although I need practice and investigation to see how far I can go using such technology.

However, I am not interested in that, I have other plans for the spaceships, and that's…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 120 - Non-Conventional Undead And Job Change!


-----

I decided to give some of the items to Javier and let him distribute them around with his party.

Anyways, these new Skills seemed quite useful, Telepathy could let me speak with others from far away, and Telekinesis gave me the ability to move objects with my thoughts by employing psionic energy produced from my brain.

Psionic Energy Arts would help me get used to these energies that had just begun to overflow from my mind out of nowhere the moment I learned the Skills, and I might be able to do more with Telekinesis and Telepathy as I develop my newfound mind powers.

And lastly, the High Technology Engineer Skill seemed to help me comprehend the technology of the aliens, although I need practice and investigation to see how far I can go using such technology.

However, I am not interested in that, I have other plans for the spaceships...

Similar to Annabelle (who has upgraded herself a lot by leveling, evolving, and absorbing materials), I plan to convert all five of these destroyed and barely standing spaceships into Undead.

Well yeah, how can it be even possible to make Undead out of spaceships, that's just ridiculous, right?

Well, not really. Annabelle in here is the living proof of it! As long as I infuse souls and Mana into an inanimate object, it will evolve into an Undead Material-type monster!

This means that… I can make Living Spaceships infused with the souls of these aliens.

I just revived around 50 of them, while I ate around 40 of their souls, and the other souls… Well, they are going to be merged with parts of Wisp's Legion Soul, and other wild souls I just extracted from the outside world.

And I am going to make these spaceships into Undead!

Of course, they won't be the best, as they were damaged heavily. But it is worth trying out. Perhaps if they become Undead they could self-repair like Annabella can do, or they could absorb materials to repair themselves, or whatever they could do.

And even if they can't, they will still be useful as giant decoys to send at my enemies.

So, without wasting another single second, I rushed towards the spaceships and began to infuse them with the souls of their Alien creators, pieces of Wisp, and random souls from outside.

All five of the spaceships were immense structures, so it might take some time for them to fully encompass an entire thing.

FLAAAASH!

All the spaceships began to overflow with phantasmal essence, with such power and energy that it seemed fantastical!

"Amazing, master, you're…!" muttered Kireina.

"Indeed! Look!" I laughed, as everyone around me opened their eyes wide open, glaring at the spectacle unfold!

All the spaceships began to tremble, as a sudden mass of consciousness awakened within each of the spaceships!

The phantasmal auras began to flow through the inanimate objects, as they started to suddenly… hover in midair!

They looked all terrible though, destroyed, with missing pieces, and filled with holes… But they were still floating through phantasmal powers… Wait, not even Annabelle managed to do that! This most likely means that these Ghost Spaceships are way advanced than her if they could easily float in midair…

"GUUUUUUUOOOOOOOONNNNNNN…!"

Suddenly, the Ghost Spaceships roar together, making the entire Inner World tremble!

RUMBLE!

"T-That's… ridiculous…" muttered Javier.

"Gustav… Amazing…"

"Mister Gustav is truly someone recognizable!"

"Indeed!"

Even the humans were praising me this time, and began to call me "mister" out of respect, it seems.

I checked the stats of the ships, and they all seemed rather close to one another. I ended calling all five of them Andromeda I, II, III, IV, and V for simplicity's sake.

…

[Name: [Andromeda I/II/III/IV/V]

[Race: [Ruined Ghost Spaceship]

[Monster Grade: [S-Rank+++]

[Element(s): [Undead], [Phantom], [Material]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [65.000/65.000]

[Mana: [40.000/40.000]

[Strength: [7.000]

[Magic: [4.000]

[Dexterity: [2.000]

[Skills]

[Material Body: Ghost Spaceship (A)]

[Enhanced Paranormal Senses (A)]

[Material Assimilation (A)]

[Space Flight (A)]

[Phantasmal Laser Beam Cannon (A)]

…

Woah, they are even stronger than Annabelle when she was level 1! Of course, after leveling and evolving, she became a giant castle-like manor house so she is fairly stronger than these girls, but they could easily catch up to her, especially with such enormous sizes… They could quite literally just crush any monster in front of them with their weight and size alone.

Excellent!

With this, I am quite satisfied. Now, these things require materials to repair themselves, it seems to be just as I had imagined. But where can I get the high-quality ore materials for their metallic outer bodies?

Another choice might be to just leave them level up until they can evolve through breaking their level cap, and then see if they repair a bit after doing that.

Until I go outside, I will leave them here resting above the vast grasslands of the Inner World.

After we go outside we shall kill monsters and let them level up.

Now that I had this out of the way, I decided to quickly move into a more important issues… Job Change.

At level 80 already… So I require to job change to break through the level cap.

Let's see what kind of Jobs I can pick this time…

…

[Available Jobs]

[Holy Spear Divine Warrior]

[High Sorcerer of Sacred Soul]

[Elemental Master]

…

Huh… Three options, as always. And all three of them look tentative.

The first option seems to be something related to the offense, most likely with Gungnir and my usage of this powerful divine spear. If I can acquire this Job, I might get Skills that enhance my usage of my spear.

The second might be something like a sorcerer who can use his soul for magic? Maybe? And it seems to be called "sacred soul".

And the third is… quite obvious but at the same type mysterious, an Elemental Master… Perhaps it enhances my ability to use all types of elements.

Hmm… The previous Job I took was regarding my Beast Orb, and it enhanced my ability to use my Beast Spirit. So for now… let's pick the one that can help me use my spear even more. After all, it is my deadliest weapon, and through infusing it with my elemental skills and more, I can make it even stronger and explosive…

Ding!

[Do you wish to exchange 30.000 Skill Points, 90.000 Gold, and 30.000 Hero Feathers to change Jobs to the [Holy Spear Divine Warrior] Job?]

<Yes> <No>

I quickly pressed yes, as I saw the necessary Skill Points, Gold, and Hero Feathers disappear… Wait, now it also costs Skill Points?! Well… I guess it is a fitting price to pay.

Ding!

[You exchanged 30.000 Skill Points, 90.000 Gold, and 30.000 Hero Feathers!]

FLASH!

The moment I changed Jobs, I was engulfed in golden flames that began to sear through my entire body.

Gungnir started to resonate with me as its soul fused with my own to an even deeper degree of bond…

Ding!

[You changed Jobs to [Holy Spear Divine Warrior]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

And alongside the bonus stats, I got new Skills!

And they are…!

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Traveling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by lightning while sleeping with his phone, which awakened his ability and the World Traveling System!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a Demon Queen who lost everything, in the last battle, her soul was split in half and she was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a forest infested with monsters! He will have to somehow survive as a Caterpillar in this world filled with chaos.

Vampire Overlord System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System: The Story of a young adult man who died buried in an avalanche and was suddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reincarnating in a Norse mythology-inspired cultivation world as an Ice Dragon with a System!

Epic of Summoner: Supreme Summoner System in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young web novelist who is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

Epic of Vampire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and mysterious powers who was held captive and used as a guinea pig through his entire life, until the day he died and suddenly reincarnated as a Vampire Dragon Chimera in a completely different world, created by an insane Elder Lich that claims to be his father!

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 121 - Holy Spear Divine Warrior! Level 90!


-----

Ding!

[You changed Jobs to [Holy Spear Divine Warrior]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

And alongside the bonus stats, I got new Skills!

Ding!

[You learned the [Divine Holy Spear Arts (SSS)] and [Divine Spear Soul Aura Domain (SSS)] Skills!]

Two SSS-Rank Skills right off the bat… I quickly decided to check these two amazing Skills, which seemed to be packed with power.

…

[Divine Holy Spear Arts (SSS)]

Unleash the Divine Power of your Spear Arts through a series of special techniques, encompassing your spear with your inner soul and essence and making it an even deadlier weapon.

Enhances your damage dealt using your Spear by 200% permanently while hastening your comprehension over the Spear Dao by 500%.

Each Technique you can develop through this Skill receives a large damage boost of 10% for each consecutive attack over an enemy, while also being able to ignore 5% of all their defenses with each consecutive attack over a foe, with a max of 500% for both. This combo is temporary, however, and not permanent, and will need to accumulate again whenever a new fight begins.

…

[Divine Spear Soul Aura Domain (SSS)]

Unleash your comprehension over the power of the Spear, the rival of the Sword. Both the Spear Dao and the Sword Dao are rivals of one another, transcendental weapons wielded by powerful historical figures across all dimensions.

By comprehending a small part of the Dao of the Spear, your power is enhanced every time you use your spear and damage a foe with it by 5%, with a stack of 500%. This combo is temporary, however, and not permanent, and will need to accumulate again whenever a new fight begins.

Additionally, you can encompass your entire surroundings (max of 20 meters) with a domain of spears, where you can pierce and penetrate anything with the power of your Spear Soul, your very presence can pierce your foes! The Spear Domain does damage over time to anyone that steps on it that is considered a foe by 50% your total damage every 30 seconds. This combo is temporary, however, and not permanent, and will need to accumulate again whenever a new fight begins.

…

After seeing this pure insanity, I could help but also faint in amusement.

There was only one word for these two Skills inside of my head.

Outstanding!

After the Job Change, I felt a burst of new power flowing through my body, like an immense ocean of bright golden brilliance…

I slowly calmed myself down as I refined and absorbed this power… Until it finally settled down and was absorbed.

I decided to check my status once more, to see the changes in stats.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [76]

[Gold: [203.348]

[Hero Feathers: [82.742]

[Hero Fragments: [5.200]

[Job: [Holy Spear Divine Warrior]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist]

[Skill Points: [136.294]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: Rank 2/9 (Peak Stage) > 3/9 (Middle Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Celestial Beast Spirit Realm (Peak Stage) > High Celestial Beast Spirit Realm (Middle Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Nascent Soul Realm (Initial Stage) > (Middle Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [80/90]

[Vitality: [238.000/238.000 > 300.000/300.000] [Growth Per Level: 8.000]

[Mana: [402.000/402.000 > 500.000/500.000] [Growth Per Level: 10.000]

[Strength: [259.000 > 295.000] [Growth Per Level: 8.500]

[Magic: [285.000 > 325.000] [Growth Per Level: 9.000]

[Dexterity: [222.000 > 275.000] [Growth Per Level 7.500]

…

Amazing gains, I could easily feel like my entire body was overflowing with power, the reason was obvious, all these stats accumulating over me were the cause! I glanced at my stomach, and I could only see the most toned of biceps… my arms seemed slender, flexible, yet also muscular.

It surprised me because I used to be so skinny, yet now… I am way more than that, I suppose.

My Mana has reached 500k, which is nice, even more, because these new and powerful Skills consume insane amounts of Mana… Even more the evolved and stronger summons.

And the other stats had also increase accordingly to my expectations. Now, moving on to other things, I-

Ding!

[Stockpiled EXP has been used!]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 8 1 ! ]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 8 2 ! ]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 8 3 ! ]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 8 4 ! ]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 8 5 ! ]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 8 6 ! ]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 8 7 ! ]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 8 8 ! ]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 8 9 ! ]

[ Y o u r L e v e l h a s i n c r e a s e d t o L e v e l 9 0 ! ]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You can now change Jobs!]

Eh?!

Oh… Right, there were stockpiled Experience Points. But I never guessed it would be enough to max me out right away.

The consecutive amount of leveling up overflowed my body with new power as my stats skyrocketed by the tens of thousands!

FLAAASH!

I felt as if my muscles, soul, and everything upgraded themselves and underwent refinement, even some impurities could be seen flying away from my body.

Oh damn… I guess this is what happens with each level, but when you do 10 level ups consecutively, it feels as if you were leveling frantically and without stopping.

This is completely insane.

As of now, I was sitting in the middle of the grasslands while doing this, so many saw as my entire body was overflowing with powerful energies…

It makes sense now that I think about it… If two spaceships were enough to max my level, I guess the stockpiled experience points from the other three spaceships were more than enough to max my level right away.

Nonetheless, this is still crazy.

I slowly suppressed the overflowing power and absorbed it back into my body, as I sighed in relief.

I guess I should change Jobs again now that we are at it… I wonder what will show up now…

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

My World Tra veling System: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

Demon Queen Rebirth: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

Epic of Caterpillar: A St ory about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

Vampire Overlord Sy stem in the Apocalypse: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

Epic of Ice Dragon: Re born as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

Epic of Su mmoner: Su preme Summon er System in the Apocalypse: The St ory of a young web novelist wh o is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

Epic of Va mpire Dragon: Reborn as a Vampire Dragon with a System: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 122 - Job Change Again!


-----

As of now, I was sitting in the middle of the grasslands while doing this, so many saw as my entire body was overflowing with powerful energies…

It makes sense now that I think about it… If two spaceships were enough to max my level, I guess the stockpiled experience points from the other three spaceships were more than enough to max my level right away.

Nonetheless, this is still crazy.

I slowly suppressed the overflowing power and absorbed it back into my body, as I sighed in relief.

I guess I should change Jobs again now that we are at it… I wonder what will show up now…

I quickly glanced at my available Job Options, expecting to boost my power once more to a greater level before getting back into the outside world and getting closer to saving the planet.

…

[ A v a i l a b l e J o b s ]

[Greater Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Flare]

[Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid]

[Divine Spear Master of Seven Elements]

…

All three choices sound crazy… Oi, what do I even pick at this point?

I suppose the first one can help me advance further into the path of flames, while the second one will aid me in enhancing my Beast Spirit and perhaps elemental Skills? And the third one might be related to my spears and the seven elements within them. Maybe the third Job is an upgrade of my current Job.

It's really hard to pick a choice when all three of them sound way too good.

I just selected a Spear-based Job, and my spear techniques couldn't be any better, should I go again with the Spear to make it even more overpowered?

No… overspecialization is not a good thing either, I want to cover more things.

I suppose fire could be an option, but the Abilities I got from the last Fire-related Job are still pretty strong.

Then…

Ding!

[Do you wish to exchange 40.000 Skill Points, 100.000 Gold, and 40.000 Hero Feathers to change Jobs into [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid]?]

< Y e s > < N o >

Oof, each Job is beginning to drain even more resources, I have to keep steadily grinding them or there will be one time I won't be able to change Jobs because I am lacking in them… Ah, thanks, I got those new tickets to enter the Daily Dungeons, I will get more resources there.

For now… I pick the yes option and quickly spend these resources, overflowing my body with a new power right after I had just changed jobs previously.

Ding!

[You exchanged 40.000 Skill Points, 100.000 Gold, and 40.000 Hero Feathers!]

[You changed Jobs to [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid] Job!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Summon (SSS)], and [Sacred Divine Aura of Elemental Spirits (SSS)] Skills!]

And boom! Just like that, my stats had once more increased.

…

[Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Summon (SSS)]

The power of a Beast Spirit Master who has connected with the elements. Infuse your Beast Orb with the elements you control and generate special Beast Spirits infused with elements that can be summoned temporarily and fight at your side, aiding as battlers and in other tasks, sometimes they can come with special abilities that you don't possess, expanding your roster of capabilities to even further levels.

Summoned Elemental Beast Spirits can be fused with the user's body or any companions that the user chooses to, increasing the user or its ally's power and elemental strength-based in each elemental spirit.

The power and time a Summoned Elemental Beast Spirit can stay summoned before dissipating depend on the user's Mana capacity and Magic Stat.

…

[Sacred Divine Aura of Elemental Spirits (SSS)]

By charging your Beast Ki Aura with the power of the elements you can wield, you can unleash a powerful aura of elemental spirits that can enhance your capabilities, the power of any elemental beast spirit you've summoned, and also the power of any elemental attack you or your companions do while fused with elemental beast spirits by 200%, each stacked Elemental Beast Spirit will add a further 20%.

…

I was left speechless as I glanced at the new Skills, I wondered how strong other Skills could become if I fuse them with this Aura… The power of Elemental Beast Spirits also seemed intriguing and promising to me, the strength of my troops and also mine might increase even further through them.

I suppose this is really like a combination of various of my classes, such as Summoner, Beast Orb User, Beast Spirit Master, Tamer, and Sorcerer all in one… Amazing! I did a good thing by picking this one up.

Eager to try my new power, I decided to check my status once more to see my progress, the stats had once more skyrocketed, and as someone who is easily amused by numbers getting higher, it pleased me…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [76]

[Gold: [103.348]

[Hero Feathers: [42.742]

[Hero Fragments: [5.200]

[Job: [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior]

[Skill Points: [96.294]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: 3/9 (Middle Stage) > 4/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: High Celestial Beast Spirit Realm (Middle Stage) > Grand Celestial Beast Spirit Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Nascent Soul Realm (Middle Stage) > (Upper Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [80/90] > [90/100]

[Vitality: [300.000/300.000 > 430.000/430.000] [Growth Per Level: 11.000]

[Mana: [500.000/500.000 > 700.000/700.000] [Growth Per Level: 12.000]

[Strength: [295.000 > 430.000] [Growth Per Level: 10.000]

[Magic: [325.000 > 475.000] [Growth Per Level: 12.000]

[Dexterity: [275.000 > 390.000] [Growth Per Level 9.000]

…

Indeed, this pleases me greatly! Not only my stats had gone up to an insane amount, but my cultivation realms had also crossed into the next ones… Leveling is the best cultivation method, it seems.

I was eager to try out these new powers with everything I had… But for now, I stopped myself from doing so, as I decided to take a break and eat some dinner.

The alien's meat tasted just like squid (actually, a bit better), and they went pretty well with soy sauce and other sauces. They were not poisonous nor toxic, so it was an overall very enjoyable meal.

Tomorrow in the morning I will use the tickets I got and dive into the Daily Dungeons, so I can grab even more EXP and other types of resources.

And after that… We'll go out and reclaim a city.

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f S u m m o n e r: S u p r e m e S u m m o n e r S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e : The St ory of a young web novelist wh o is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 123 - A Conversation


-----

After seeing the great upgrades that changing Jobs brought to me, I decided to call it a day and rest until tomorrow… Well, until tomorrow of the Inner World time.

Kireina and Katrina were as intense and eager as every night, and they drained me dry up until morning…

The sun of the Inner World greeted me this morning as it bathed my face with its warmth.

I sat over the bed and sighed a bit.

I've gotten really far…

So many fantastical things that I could have only imagined in my craziest dreams are all happening.

I guess this is affecting me way more than I look to be. Although it seems that I have adapted, everything still feels surreal sometimes. Even the power of summoning beings using my novel characters as templates.

Maybe for someone that never wrote down their imagination into novels, it wouldn't be as hard to accept after all the fantastical things, but for me, it seems as if reality itself was joking with me at this point… All the fantastical things I always wrote down are all happening now, all the things I never thought would happen.

Hm, I suppose I should stop worrying and embrace this life at this point… Might as well…

Kireina and Katrina quickly woke up after me, sharing their souls, it is as if both were the same being, but each one has a different mind and personality, kind of like split personalities but each one has a body… Yeaaah… Maybe that's not the best example.

"Good morning master," said Katrina with a calm expression.

"Good morning~," said Kireina, she seemed more playful, of course.

"Good morning you two," I said while petting both.

"Is there something wrong? I feel like you were a bit sorrowful?" asked Kireina.

Ah… She's good at this.

"Well… Yeah…" I sighed.

"Is there some issue?" asked Katrina.

"W e l l…"

I explained to them a bit over my thoughts. As my summons, they are the closest to me, and I know I can trust them.

Kireina and Katrina nodded as both rubbed their chins.

"I see how it is. Well, I can kind of understand why you would feel like that, master," said Kireina.

"Indeed. The world is rather chaotic outside. There is a lot of things to do, and… so many fantastical occurrences one after another must be shocking." Said Katrina.

"Despite that, you're holding up on those feelings and being strong, right?" asked Kireina.

"Well… you got me," I said.

"Our sole existences are something bizarre to you, perhaps. After all, our creation was made through using the characters of your novels as blueprints. Understandably, you might feel like this…" said Katrina.

"Even then, we are trying to make up for it with all the affection we can give to you," said Kireina.

"But even then… Is it weird?" wondered Katrina.

"I suppose master might be right… Not even I know what I really am. Sometimes I wonder what my existence is, what is the purpose of why I am here… What am I to begin with…" sighed Kireina.

"But when we are with Master, we feel whole…" said Katrina.

"We find a purpose to our lives… Something to hold tight, something we want to protect… Perhaps this is why all of us summons have such a self - sacrificing demeanor with our Master, we merely want to make him happy because this also makes us happy, it makes us feel as if we are fulfilling a purpose to our very existences…" said Kireina.

"Maybe… it is a bit too complicated?" wondered Katrina.

I was surprised… The two of them think such complex things. Of course, they are people at the end of the day… To think that they had such an existential crisis without even telling me…

I guess they're right, compared to me, they really are the ones with the most issues.

"Sorry about what I said previously. I was just overthinking things way too much. A bad habit that a writer does… I will embrace this life and… I will try to mak e you and everyone else around me happy. I want you to find a purpose in life. And… I guess that is also my purpose. In this chaotic apocalypse, I never imagined I could feel this happy… Let's fight as hard as we can to carve up a path towards victory," I said.

"Of course! That's the master I like the most~!" said Kireina.

"Hm, well said, master," said Katrina.

The two hugged and kissed me at the same time, it felt nice, to be honest…

"Thank you… Well, let's go take a shower for now, shall we? Now that Annebelle is in the house, she can use these Fire Bear Beast Orbs to warm up the water, so we have automatic warm baths now," I said.

"O o o h ! Nice! Let's go then~ We can have some fun too," said Kireina.

"Hm, I agree. Let's have some fun to relax Master's concerns…" said Katrina.

The two fairies' crimson-red eyes flashed with a predatory demeanor, as I felt like I was going to once more be drained dry in the bath.

And I did…

But thanks to my Skills, such as Pump Up, my greater and new Physiques, and things such as Endless Libido, I was capable of triumphing at the end, merely through even higher stamina than even my summons.

Anyways, after that, as the two began to make breakfast while I greeted the rest of the group, I went outside and harvested the ready vegetables, planting a new batch again.

Some Walking Radishes began to run around, but I caught them quite easily at the end.

By eating these vegetables, our stats can grow (even the summons), so these are very important, and the Farm has been gaining more EXP as I harvested more plants. I suppose in two more batches, it should finally Rank Up… I can't wait to see what other magical vegetables I can get to harvest and taste… It is even more amazing that they can give a Skill by eating a bunch.

As we enjoyed breakfast, I began to think about what to do today. Perhaps assessing the mountain of loot might be a good thing to do this morning.

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 124 - Diving Into Daily Dungeons With Tickets!


-----

I glanced at the mountain of loot in front of me with a bit of awe, it is bigger than the previous one…

However, to upgrade my equipment again, I can't use any of these items, they are of a lesser grade, the strongest here are SS-Grade. The aliens were not of high grade, they just were a lot, so their drops were not the craziest there is.

My equipment is already Mythical Grade, so I require at the very least Mythical Grade equipment to upgrade mine through Anna's methods. So all of these items cannot be fused over my current equipment to give them new abilities or something.

Or is it?

Actually, there's a way to continue enhancing my weapons and make them upgrade even with a pile of lesser equipment! But this includes a lot of hard work on Anna's part, but she seemed willing and had actually suggested the idea.

"Master, how about you let me upgrade the equipment here by fusing it around? The more I fuse it together, the higher and greater the quality will become… If we continue like this, it will be possible to fuse them until Mythical Grade Equipment emerges," said Anna.

"That's… Yeah, I suppose. But I wouldn't it be too tiring?" I asked.

"Well, I am a summon so I can work as long as I have mana supplied to me, so don't worry over it! I will get to work right away, fusing as much equipment as possible should be my priority," said Anna.

"Thanks a lot, Anna, I will be counting on you," I said.

"Leave it to me!"

To help Anna, we quickly began to separate each item by quality, abilities, and more, there seemed to be no limit to how much you could fuse over equipment until reaching a high grade, so what she was going to d was fuse over SS-Rank items and try to get SSS-Rank, and then, fuse the SSS-Rank for the possibility of Mythical Rank items to emerge from the fusion.

It was a chain fusion, I guess. Even the B-Rank and A-Rank equipment worked, fusing them over to make higher-grade equipment… The maximum amount of equipment that could be merged into one was 5, which was also the highest chance for the resulting equipment to be of a higher rank than the ingredients, so that was pretty much the plan for now.

There were over one hundred different equipment pieces, so there was a lot of work for her…

Although I wonder how many abilities my equipment will end up with… Probably some of the weaker abilities might end up being replaced or merged with other abilities from equipment, so I don't think I will get as many.

After sorting out the items, I decided to use the tickets for the daily dungeons at long last. I decided to bring all my summons and tamed monsters inside, even the Undead, although I don't think the Ghost Spaceships will be able to get in…

I told Anna that she could leave work after these sessions. We were going to get into the hardest difficulty of all the Daily Dungeons.

The [All Daily Dungeons Ticket: Intermediate/Hard Difficulty] Item opens all Daily Dungeons to be used 3 times each, and I have three of these tickets, meaning that I can enter 9 times to each Dungeon… And the Dungeons are the Gold, Skill Points, EXP, and Hero Feathers Dungeons.

It was a lot of dungeon diving… but the pay was worth it.

We decided to quickly dive into the first dungeon, the Gold Dungeon, the hardest difficulty brought new types of monsters, which resembled giant golems made of gold (yes, that's what they were), and Vudia couldn't help but compare them to hers.

The Skill Points Dungeon monsters were giant cockatrices, monsters that resembled enormous chickens with the tail of a snake, they had sharp claws and a venomous bite that could petrify, but they were nothing much against us.

The EXP Dungeon was pseudo-aquatic, or something, as it had giant pools of water here and there, where giant sharks would jump out f them to greet us… Well, we ended blasting away the entire pools for easy EXP, it was the easiest dungeon so far.

And the Hero Feathers Dungeon was filled with 3-meter-tall living armors who had a crystal core inside of their chest armor, destroying it killed them quite easily.

All these monsters were around SS-Rank, but because these were daily dungeons, they didn't leave their corpses and dissipated into black smoke after dying, but they gave a lot of the resources of each dungeon, so it was super worth it.

After nine frenetic runs with each dungeon, we got a ton of resources and enough EXP to level up a lot…

Ding!

[Your Level has increased to Level 96!]

Yeah, I leveled 6 times in just a few minutes… I wish I could indefinitely enter this damn dungeon…

Well, for now, my stats had skyrocketed thanks to the stat growth has increased, and the numbers kept getting higher into ridiculous amounts. This System should be renamed the "crazy leveling system" at this point, dear god.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [76]

[Gold: [233.348]

[Hero Feathers: [152.742]

[Hero Fragments: [5.200]

[Job: [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior]

[Skill Points: [216.294]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: 4/9 (Initial Stage) > (Upper Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Grand Celestial Beast Spirit Realm (Initial Stage) > (Upper Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Nascent Soul Realm (Upper Stage) > (Peak Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [90/100] > [96/100]

[Vitality: [430.000/430.000 > 496.000/496.000] [Growth Per Level: 11.000]

[Mana: [700.000/700.000 > 772.000/772.000] [Growth Per Level: 12.000]

[Strength: [430.000 > 490.000] [Growth Per Level: 10.000]

[Magic: [475.000 > 547.000] [Growth Per Level: 12.000]

[Dexterity: [390.000 > 444.000] [Growth Per Level 9.000]

…

Alongside the stats, Existence Realm, Beast Orb, and Soul Cultivation had increased in stages, boosting my capabilities.

It was a good grind…

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 125 - War


-----

I decided to assist Anna in everything I could for the rest of the day, the rest of the group also assisted in bringing the materials and more, and we spent most of the day in the Inner World working on fusing equipment.

The equipment that resulted from all the fusions was amazing, dazzling with beauty. But they were not as many, they didn't end being five for each type of equipment, but around 2 or 3…

However, these Mythical Grade weapons, equipment, and accessories were amazing by themselves…

But there was no point describing them because they were going to get fused over my already existing equipment anyways.

Even if they won't be able to increase their power, it might bring in some upgrade in their stats and one or two new abilities, so I was satisfied with that.

Anna worked her hardest as she spent a pile of gold at the side of her, which I had accumulated there from the drops of the aliens, which I had not added into my status yet.

Using this pile of gold, she fused all this equipment and made these Mythical Grade ones.

And then, I handled over my current equipment, and she started fusing them…

If my equipment was already devastatingly strong before, I wonder how strong it might become now. It helped a lot in the fight against the powerful spaceships and the alien's technology.

I wonder if it could even compare with the powerful Celestials, or so as I call them.

These aliens were called Slarkobs, and aside from their overpowered technology, they were not strong individually. However, these god-like guys, the Celestials… Yeah, those guys were in a different level of individual strength.

When they emerged I knew immediately that I would get squashed like a bug by them.

But now… after accumulating all this power through leveling up and more. Maybe… I can manage.

Clang!

As I saw Anna working hard on the equipment, the night already fell in the Inner World.

We'll go to sleep after this and then, we'll go outside once more at long last…

-----

The Slarkobs had surprised the Celestial King when they told him that one of the maggots they squash like nothing had somehow acquired the power to destroy five of their advanced spaceships.

It was a thing to become surprised about, these essence-less aliens were surprisingly strong with their technology, even the Celestial King that led the other Celestials invading this small planet had admitted the power of these aliens. After all, they had the power to conquer entire universes and using their technology alone, they were conquering many other worlds within the other dimensions.

Just like the group of aliens sent to this planet, the Celestial King was only one of the many there were, who had been assigned a large army to conquer worlds by the higher Celestial figures that existed within their world.

However, even as a small group, they were strong enough to kill anyone here with ease. The Celestials were left surprised when they heard that there was a human commanding a group of tamed monsters that had somehow managed to deal this much damage to the fleet of Slarkobs.

The Celestial King thought they were joking until they showed him the footage.

"What? This is… It is not a Celestial like us? But his aura of power… and that divine weapon is… similar…! What is this?! How can a measly maggot attain this power? Has this been hiding his power?" wondered the Celestial King at first.

Indeed, they had found that Gustav's power was way too much! His Beast Orb Ki Aura was immensely strong, resembling divinity, and his strength was already akin to a Demigod! All of his group was also incredibly strong, especially the two fairies at his side, who had a power a bit less than him, but that was just as admirably strong.

Not only he… but all of his group! Even the giant monsters he commanded were stronger than some of the monsters the Celestials hunted, almost comparable to Divine Beasts…

Just how strong were he and his group?!

"See? We couldn't believe it either. But his power and that of his group were recognizable. We request a temporal alliance to defeat him and his group before he can grow any stronger. As you know, the system of this world allows its inhabitants to "level up" by killing things. He must have already grown even stronger if he slaughtered our brethren inside those five spaceships… if we let him grow any stronger…!" muttered the High Slarkob, the leader of the fleet sent to this planet.

"I know. I get it, let's do it. We'll crush him and show him his place… So where did he went?" asked the Celestial King.

"After ruining our spaceship, he used some kind of spatial storage to save everything dropped by them, and even the spaceships and our brethren, he went into the underground. I don't know what he's doing there, but we have not approached due to being cautious. If we can use your aid and your troops, we can corner him and annihilate him with everything we have!" said the Slarkob Leader.

The Celestial King smiled with excitement, as he seemed to be a man that enjoyed fighting and crushing his enemies with his might, he raised his golden spear as he unleashed a powerful divine aura of yellow-gold colors, which resembled pure and iridescent light.

"Good, let's get to it!"

The Celestial King commanded his troops through the skies, ordering them to leave what they were doing and move in the direction where he was going with the Slarkobs.

F L A A A A S H !

A group of dozens of powerful Celestials gathered, alongside enormous spaceships filled with malicious Slarkobs, all flying towards the same direction, aiming to annihilate Gustav!

The Celestial King remained in the back, sitting over his floating throne as the mothership of the Slarkobs remained in the back as well.

They saw the troops approaching the area… until suddenly, a flash of bright golden light emerged from the underground, like the one they came to kill had just emerged!

"Oh? Such a nice greeting party…! I guess you saved me the work of looking for you," said Gustav.

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 126 - This Is Ridiculous!


-----

The Celestial King glanced at the scene unfold with flashing golden eyes, his beard waved with iridescent white light as his entire muscular body, which seemed to make him look like the appearance that Zeus had on his statues made by ancient Greeks.

Detecting the power that Gustav exuded, the Celestial King couldn't help but smile maliciously as he grew excited, the power he exuded was clearly not a mere mortal!

"Hahaha! Amusing! To think that a mere maggot of this weak-ass world would end up turning into a pseudo demigod! How long did he take to reach this point?! This is… amazing!" he laughed, the Slarkob Leader didn't think the same, thinking of the Celestial King as a stupid muscle-head.

Instead of the fear that they had expected from his eyes, however, Gustav seemed completely calm! As if he had been expecting this to happen as if he wanted this to happen!

"What is with his stupid face?! Did he just said that we saved him the work of looking for us?! Insolent and petulant, I couldn't expect anything less from this garbage that had merely grown a bit stronger through the assistance of this world's powerful system… Eliminate him!" roared the Slarkob Leader.

The spaceships quickly rushed towards Gustav with immense speed, as they charged their laser beams and fired them all against him!

However!

"Useless!" said Gustav, as he unleashed a powerful golden barrier conjured from his golden equipment, which had been enhanced to an even higher grade!

FLAAAASH!

BOOOOM!!!

The beams all clashed against his powerful divine barrier, as they continued to infuse their power… but ultimately, they were unable to crack the powerful divine barrier, which was made through the materialization of his soul, and beast ki!

"What?! It can block our lasers?!" asked the Slarkob Leader, not even the Celestials had the power to easily fend off their laser beams, only the Celestial King… This is why they were so surprised!

The Celestial King, however, wasn't fearful, but excited!

"Oh?! Such a strong barrier…! And those clothes he's wearing, they are shining with so much essence… Is he already a God?!" wondered the Celestial King.

"Tch! Why are you so happy about this? Send your troops to kill him!" said the Slarkob Leader.

"Shut up, you don't give me orders! I want to see how far he can go before I can go crush him… But fine!" laughed the Celestial King, as his Celestial Army of a dozen Celestials, all of them exuding a powerful divine elemental aura and wielding their divine weapons, materializations of their divinity, rushed towards Gustav with everything they had!

"Celestials… You bastards really scared me back then, but now, we are in even grounds!" roared Gustav, as he quickly brought all of his armies out of his Inner World through a large rift in space, surprising the Celestials!

"He can manipulate space?!"

"He brought an army in seconds!"

"And so what?! We are Celestials, we are beings that are Gods themselves! We can easily crush them!"

"Fight! Slaughter these insolent maggots!"

The Celestials exuded their powerful Divine Auras as Gustav conjured a consecutive series of Skills, enhancing his body and that of everyone around him! He unleashed the Beast Orb Spirit: Golden Flame Chimaera Skill, summoning his gigantic Chimaera Beast Spirit made of golden flames, as he fused his Aura with the power of the Divine Spear Soul Aura Domain, making everything around him as sharp as countless spears! And then, he merged it with his Sacred Divine Aura of Elemental Spirits Skill, which he used in combination with the Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Summon Skill!

The result? An immense sea of divine brilliance exuded from Gustav's surroundings, glistening with many elemental colors which he continued to infuse into using a variety of elemental skills he already possessed!

The immense aura of elements infused with the power of the Spear Aura made for a sea of divinity enough to give birth to the powerful elemental spirit beasts that Gustav was going to summon to aid his army!

A second after, from within the sea of bright colors, several creatures emerged, from giant blazing bears to shining emerald eagles, and even a giant golden rat! All the monsters whose Beast Orbs he had absorbed emerged as creatures made of his elemental aura, surprising everyone! The Celestials and the Slarkobs were left speechless!

"What kind of power is this???!!!" cried the Slarkob Leader, as the Celestial King couldn't help but hold into a creepy smile from side to side!

"Hahaha! YES! This bastard… he is the one! The one that will give me a challenge!" laughed the Celestial King, as he glanced as Gustav infused these powerful elemental spirit beasts into the bodies of all his allies in less than a second, stacking them multiple times!

All the Celestials and Slarkobs were baffled as they saw the total strength of Gustav's army skyrocket to new and insane degrees!

"This is ridiculous, such an immense quantity of essence!"

"What is he?!"

"Kill him before it's too late!"

Even the Celestials grew alarmed as they saw Gustav show off his enormous quantity of essence, however, it was too late! His army quickly moved forward as Kireina and Katrina stepped in, raising their weapons, and unleashing powerful divine and elemental auras of the spirits that had merged with them, forming a monstrous aura of chaotic nature!

The two Celestial in front of them, a man with short brown hair and aquamarine eyes wielding a golden blade, and a woman with long pink hair and golden eyes wielding a golden bow were startled by the grotesqueness of their enormous and ridiculous power!

Kireina raised her spear as she clashed against the man, the guy barely managing to raise his blade and infusing it with his divine aura to intercept her spear, Khaos!

CLAAAASH!

However, Kireina smiled as she shapeshifted her body, as enormous fleshy tentacles surged from her body and began to demolish the celestial with hundreds of consecutive blows!

"Nnngghh?!"

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOOOM!

"Unnggraaggh…!"

The first Celestial was blown off into the ground as Kireina pointed her spear at him!

"Sayonara!" she laughed, firing the spear at an incredible speed as the powerful blow pierced the Celestial's head, blowing it up into pieces!

SPLAT!

The entire battlefield was in silence!

This was ridiculous!

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 127 - The War Had Just Begun!


-----

The battle had just started but one of the Celestials was already out of commission! Kireina had dealt a great amount of damage on him and finished him off with her powerful Chaotic Spear, which had upgraded automatically into an SSS-Rank Weapon after she underwent multiple level-ups.

Her power was already admirable as a powerful summon, the first one that Gustav had summoned, and now, she had showcased her amazing power, which was enhanced even further as Gustav infused the power of the elemental spirit beasts into her aura!

"You bastard!!!"

The Celestial woman holding a bow unleashed her divine aura as she saw Kireina ruthlessly killing her ally, as she pointed her powerful bow towards her and fired a flashing divine arrow that crossed through the wind itself, reaching Kireina in an instant!

FLAAAAASH!

CLAASH!

The arrow clashed against Kireina at a flashing speed, throwing her into the skies as the arrow began to slowly corrode her flesh…

"Strong… But an arrow cannot defeat me! All of you shall know the might of my lord's army!"

Kireina quickly cut herself in half, disposing of the flesh pieces that were being corroded by the Divine Arrow, while the Celestial that fired them was being overwhelmed by Katrina, as her powerful axe moved at a speed that shouldn't belong to such an enormous size!

CLASH! CLAAAASH!

Katrina unleashed her powerful aura which she had evolved into such enormous power in this little time since she was summoned, through leveling up and breaking her level cap, she had become very strong, capable of fighting off a Celestial!

However, this wasn't enough, as the multiple Water Element Spirit Beasts that Gustav had summoned and merged into her through his Divine Beast Ki Aura were enhancing her powerful attribute of water even higher!

As a Summoner Template of Kireina, like in many gacha games, she had a special new affinity to differentiate her from the original version, this was enhanced even more through her abilities, and now through Gustav's aid, he was truly showing off the might of a summon, of a person capable of bringing forth the aid of otherworldly beings to battle for him!

"Poseidon's Rage!"

Katrina roared as she conjured the powerful axe technique, bringing forth an enormous wave of ocean water at high pressures, the Celestial Woman was not able to properly defend herself with magic alone, as her bow as a long-ranged weapon, if Katrina kept herself close to her, she wouldn't be able to fight back as easy!

CLAAAAAAASH!

The oceanic wave crashed against the Celestial woman, as she groaned in pain, the waves were not just water, but the immense pressure they held made her entire body tremble in pain, as her bones began to slowly crack!

"Unnghhh…! You pathetic maggotsssss…!"

"Are you calling us maggots even after killing one of you? Heh! You're utterly delusional, girl!" laughed Kireina, as she rushed towards the Celestial Woman and pierced her chest with her spear!

SLAAASH!

"UNGGRAAGGH…!"

However, this wasn't over! Katrina quickly overcharged her axe with the power of the elemental spirit beasts as they all roared with her, the phantoms of foxes, bears, eagles, and other beasts made of water emerged at her side, all of them being summons made by Gustav to enhance the power of his summon even more!

A powerful vertical slash reached the Celestial Woman as her entire body was sliced in half, her agonizing cry resonated through the battlefield as she was slaughtered mercilessly!

SLAAAAAASH!

"GGGRRYYAAAAAAGH…!"

Her sliced apart body fell over the ground as many dropped items emerged out of thin air around her.

Gustav glanced at the scene from the backlines with a malicious smile, like a mastermind behind it all!

The other Celestials watched with horror as they had yet to engage in a fight, their fists gripping tightly into their powerful divine weapons, which were the materializations of their divine essence.

The Celestial King watched with surprise and fascination as the Celestials he was supposed to fight at their side died! He seemed t not even care about them. After all, they were of a lower caste than him, of a lower social status within his world, nothing but disposable soldiers!

"Amazing…! They can kill these soldiers?! The maggots that were so easily squashed into the ground?!" he wondered with amusement.

"Why are you happy over your troops dying?!" asked the Slarkob Leader.

"Why wouldn't I be? They died gloriously! The strong devour the weak, that's how it is, even in my world, alien!" laughed the Celestial King, as the Slarkob Leader couldn't help but find that he was an utter fool.

"Tch… Troops, fight from the sides, aid the Celestials! Fire all the laser beams, anything you got! Release the drones!"

Obeying their leader, the Slarkobs spaceships quickly began to unload all their weapons, enormous shotguns, laser beam cannons, and even giant armies of drones all began to fire and rush towards Gustav's army!

Meanwhile, the Celestials rushed on front roaring angrily, pointing their weapons against Gustav's army!

"GO!"

Gustav quickly gave mental commands to his army through Telepathy, dividing half of it and sending it against the alien's spaceships, while blocking their powerful laser beams, while the rest of the army rushed and confronted the Celestials!

FLASH!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOOOOOOMMM!

Explosions resonated through the entire skies as various powerful beings clashed against one another, their powerful colorful essences create shockwaves of energies everywhere!

"RRAAAAAAHH!"

Anna rushed into the frontlines as she raised her powerful axe, the one connected to her which was also able to evolve with her similarly to Kireina's spear, after having automatically upgraded itself through her leveling up, the axe exuded a powerful essence of lightning that zapped around her surroundings, the Celestials around instinctively evaded her as she charged against a larger one, packed with muscles and having red skin, as he raised his enormous axe, a Celestial Berserk!

CLAAAASH!

Axe against Axe clashed against each other, as lightning and fire spread across the battlefield, the mighty Blacksmith was also known for her amazing strength in battle, and now, she was about to showcase it!

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f S u m m o n e r: S u p r e m e S u m m o n e r S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e : The St ory of a young web novelist wh o is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 128 - Fire Against Lightning


-----

Depending on the physique they developed and the Divine Weapon that was born from the materialization of their divine essence after reaching maturity, the Celestial race was qualified in different classes.

The Soldiers that Kireina and Katrina had defeated were two Infantry-Class Swordsman and Archer! However, the one Anna was rushing towards was a stronger class, it could be seen through his different and larger physique compared to the rest! Even more on his enormous Divine Weapon.

Reaching up to almost 4 meters of height, packed with immense muscles, tough, red-colored skin, and blazing hair, he was a Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial! An even stronger soldier who had been born naturally gifted with incredible strength even amongst Celestials, and a powerful Divine Weapon to go with it!

Anna rushed towards the roaring Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial, as she raised her lightning axe and unleashed a barrage of slicing lightning attacks against him!

SPARK! ZAAAP! SLAAAASH!

And as she did, her Axe, which was a Cursed Axe with a personality of its own named Axe-chan laughed manically, as her power had soared, she was able to produce even more powerful lightning!

"GYAHAHAHA! KILL! KILL! KILL!"

SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!

The Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial smiled maniacally as well, as he was berserk whose strength was in being a wild and unpredictable fighter that overwhelmed others with pure physical might! The monstrous entity swung his axe around the battlefield, clashing against Anna's techniques as both fire and thunder exploded around the skies!

"RRRRROOAAAARRRR!"

The monstrous Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial didn't even know how to properly speak and was a mass of muscles that would never stop fighting until he slaughtered the enemy he had in front of him, he released a burst of explosive flames through his axe that sent Anna flying through the air!

CLAAASH!

"Unngh…!"

FLAAAAASH!

Like a meteor of lightning covered in burning flames, Anna was sent into the ground!

BOOOM!

"GGRAHAHAHA!"

The Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial laughed maniacally as he rushed down below to finish Anna off, only to be greeted by a powerful thunderbolt reaching his face!

ZAAAAP! CLAAAASH!

"Unngraagh…?!"

The searing pain reached his entire face, the most painful area being his eyes which burned alive!

"UNNGRRAAAGGH…!"

The Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial agonizingly cried in pain, as Anna enhanced her body with the power of the Elemental Spirit Beasts of Thunder, which appeared in the shape of giant wolves, snakes, and even rats around her.

All of these creatures were phantoms of the former Beast Orbs that Gustav had absorbed, the more he absorbed, the more of these beasts that could enhance another person's elemental power could be summoned! And because he had absorbed hundreds before, there were many more to come!

However, even a powerful summon such as Anna had her limits, and so did everyone else, there was a certain limit of how many of these Elemental Spirit Beasts could be fused and stacked together over someone, but with the boost, she was already receiving, it was more than enough.

FLAAAAAAASH!

Like a zapping thunderbolt, Anna reached the Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial in a split of a second, raising her axe and releasing a powerful vertical slash with all her power charged into it!

SLASH!

"UNGRAH!"

CLASH!

The Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial intercepted her in time, as he raised his axe to defend himself, however, Anna had no time to play fair here!

"Ungh?!"

Suddenly, three Lightning Attribute Elemental Spirit Beasts materialized and jumped out of Anna's body, rushing towards the sides and the back of the Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial!

"RROAARR!"

The powerful lighting attacks burnt through the tough skin of the Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial, as he quickly slashed them and made them dissipate into essence, only for Anna to use this blind spot to slash through his back!

SLAAAAAASH!

"UNNGGRRYAARRGGH…!"

The Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial cried in even more pain, it seemed that this one attack really did some good damage! Anna quickly fused herself with more summoned Elemental Spirit Beasts, as her axe raised into the skies and continued to overwhelm the Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial with everything she had!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLAAAAASH!

The Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial tried to fight back ad defend himself, but it was too late and he was too lethargic already, he had lost all his momentum and more Elemental Beast Spirits rushed out of Anna's body materializing and attacking the Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial, overwhelming him from all sides!

"This is it…! DIE!"

Anna roared as she sentenced the Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial to death! Her axe raised high above her head as she charged her power into it while using Gustav's Mana, unleashing a powerful slashing attack overcharged with lighting, resembling a thunderbolt coming from the heavens themselves!

ZAP, ZAP…!

CLAAAAAAAASSHH!!!

"UNNNGGGRRREEAAARRGGH…!"

The Warrior-Class Berserk Celestial received the attack head-on as he tried to shield himself with his giant axe or his flames, but it was all for nothing, he was easily grilled alive and thrown into the ground, his corpses laying over an immense crater…!

Now everyone around the battlefield recognized the might of this squirrel woman!

"Good work!" said Gustav telepathically, as Anna smiled and quickly joined back the battle, there were many that needed assistance!

Meanwhile, Ervas was fighting a battle of his own, showcasing the power he had increased through this journey.

His opponent was a beautiful and slender-looking Celestial woman, with pale-white skin and long silvery-white hair, her eyes were black like the night… Her Aura contained large amounts of magic as her Divine Weapon was a large staff!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

Suddenly, a barrage of beams of darkness reached Ervas as they came out of giant magic circles, each beam reached the boy, but he unleashed the power of the stacked Elemental Spirit Beasts fused into his body, conjuring a powerful elemental and telekinesis barrier that shielded himself as he flew around!

"You're a troublesome one…" he sighed.

"A kid like you dares to think that you can even fight against my powerful Divine Darkness magic?! Pathetic! Become dust before my sight, I cannot look at your pathetic sight anymore!" roared the woman, as she continued to bathe Ervas with attacks!

"Is that so…?"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 129 - Shadows Against Telekinesis And A Black Cat's Growth


-----

Ervas glanced at the Infantry-Class Magician Celestial, as he analyzed her power.

Each Celestial soldier, even the weakest one in this army, was around Pseudo Demi Deity level of power, probably in between 1~5!

So, how could a Summon like him fight against such a strong being? Well, the same way all the other Summons and Tamed Monsters do it! Their strength was already reaching Pseudo Demi Deity, but it was thanks to their Master, Gustav, that they were able to reach a similar level of power to the Celestials and then kill them ruthlessly!

Gustav not only shared his vast and incredibly fast recovering mana, but he also shared the power of his Beast Ki Divine Aura and merged it with the new Skills he had acquired, giving all of his summons the power to be fused/possessed by Elemental Beast Spirits of his creation.

Of course, alone they were even weaker than the Beast Spirits of Javier and his party, but combined and stacked up together while being wrapped by the shared Golden Beast Ki Aura he possessed, it was possible to temporarily increase the power of his allies to ridiculous levels!

However, to do this correctly, Gustav had to stay in the backlines and patiently assess the battlefield, this is why he planned to let his army slaughter most of the mobs while he controlled the shared essence with everyone… He knew that the big bosses were watching from above stupidly for some reason, so it was in his best interests to abuse this scenario and slaughter as many as he could, gaining all the shared EXP and leveling up to strengthen himself for the boss battle.

Ervas was analyzing in detail the Celestial woman, knowing all of this, he had to hurry up and kill her.

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

The beams of darkness got closer and closer as his barriers were destroyed.

However, he was gathering more and more energy…

"HAH! There!"

Suddenly, Ervas was surprised as the Infantry-Class Magician Celestial woman gathered a large amount of darkness over her staff and released a giant sphere of darkness towards Ervas!

FLAAAAASH!

"T-This…!"

BOOOOM!

The blast of darkness hit Ervas as it consumed him with it!

The Infantry-Class Magician Celestial woman laughed maniacally as she glanced at the boy's image disappeared from all the darkness!

"Haha! That wasn't as hard, he was just an evasive maggot… Eh?!"

Suddenly, the Infantry-Class Magician Celestial woman felt a chill run through her spine as she sensed the presence of someone behind her!

It was Ervas!

"Every time I leveled up I unlocked more abilities. One of such abilities was Soul Void. With that, I can summon the void within my soul and use it to temporarily vacuum an attack. It has a limit, but it is nice to use it to absorb a very strong attack… Although I got behind her by using the Void Magic Spell "Warp" which lets me teleport short distances," thought Ervas, his meticulous and incredibly fast thought process analyzed his recent moves in an instant!

Of course, such thoughts could not even reach the Infantry-Class Magician Celestial woman, as a sphere of incredibly pressured telekinesis energy emerged over his small hand.

"Ah?! W-Wait!" cried the woman, as he pointed her staff at Ervas, however!

"Too late… World-Ending Telekinesis Cannon." Said Ervas, his crimson-red eyes flashing with malice!

WHAAAAM!

Suddenly, the sphere of telekinesis energy gathered together released all of its power, distorting even space itself as the cannon of invisible psionic energy crushed the Infantry-Class Magician Celestial woman into the ground!

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

The attack continued as the woman's entire body was torn apart into shreds, her agonizing cry didn't even come out of her mouth due to the immense pressuring forces crushing her face way too quickly.

"Sadly I can't do this consecutively, it takes some time to charge," thought Ervas, as he glanced at his entire arm twisted and broke apart, the cannon also affected him.

However, he poured healing spells over his arm as it grew back in an instant.

He glanced down below…

"Certainly, she's dead. The power of the Elemental Spirit Beasts is very good…"

Ervas flew through the skies calmly as he assisted his allies, while the other part of the army was fighting against several Spaceships, however, they were not alone, as a giant golden spear releasing golden flames and rainbow essence led their charge! It was Gungnir, which had gained consciousness of its own, and Gustav asked it to quickly destroy the spaceships with the assistance of the army it led.

The mind within the spear was simple and obeyed without any issue, flashing through the skies!

Cuco and the other gigantic, tamed beasts rushed through the skies, the once-simple black cat had become an enormous panther with a completely black fur, coated by several golden tattoos and horns, his eyes flashing with golden-yellow light, as his long and scaled tail showed an angered and deadly dragon-like snakehead, roaring furiously!

"RRRROOAAAR!"

Cuco raised his gigantic venomous claws as he unleashed the power of shadows from his body, his metallic claws crushed the drones in front of him as he reached the spaceship at long last!

CLAAAAASH!

Clashing over it like a furious shadow meteor, he used his claws to destroy the forcefield and make his way through! He had grown so strong thanks to leveling and evolving, coupled with the power of Gustav's Elemental Beast Spirits infused into his body! Using this power, Cuco did the impossible as the forcefield easily cracked open, surprising the aliens inside, and making them all despair!

"GGROOAARR!"

Cuco alone unleashed a barrage of attacks, using his gigantic claws coming from his over 40 meters tall body, his claws seeped into the incredibly hard spaceship shield and broke it open, filling its interior with his poisonous breath!

"GRRYYAARRRGGH…!"

"AAGGH…!"

"DAMN… BEAST!"

The Slarkobs inside the spaceship began to die out of the deadly poison, as the entire spaceship flew into the ground and exploded!

BOOOM!

Meanwhile, Cuco had already jumped off into another spaceship, as the powerful Gungnir spear began to pierce through many spaceships at the same time!

It was a massacre!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 130 - Changing Jobs In The Middle Of Battle!


-----

CLAAAASH!

CLAAAASH!

CLAAAASH!

BOOOOM!

While Gustav was sitting leisurely as he summoned more Elemental Spirit Beast to boost his troop's power, the Gungnir Spear rushed through the skies, piercing through the enemies before its path!

The giant spaceships were made into Swiss cheese, almost falling into pieces as they were later on ganged by all of the armies of tamed monsters and Undead led by Cuco!

Like flies dying by a pesticide, they all began to fall over the ground one by one, causing loud explosions!

The Gungnir Spear alongside Gustav's equipment and accessories were all upgraded to new levels, after being fused over more Mythical Items, they reached Legendary Rank, and became incredibly powerful.

Especially the Gungnir Spear, which had gained a greater height, and new abilities that made it even stronger.

One of such abilities let it have a soul connection with Gustav, which let him infuse energy into it from afar, while Gungnir used its other abilities to absorb all the life essence it got from killing a living being and then converting it back into other types of essence, such as Mana!

Through this, Gustav didn't even need to move from his current position, sitting leisurely as he massacred the enemy troops using Gungnir and his troops, like a true and calculative Summoner and Tamer!

He created a constant cycle of mana and energies, as he gave away his energies to his allies while they also gave it back to him through slaughtering enemies. Additionally, he was constantly regaining his mana back with the full healing effect of leveling up, which was still present even after he had grown so strong! Through this broken cheat, his Mana refilled to full every time he leveled up, and as there were so many EXP-rich enemies all around being slaughtered, Gustav was quickly leveling up!

Kireina, Katrina, Ervas, and Vudia came together, they defeated a powerful Infantry-type Shield user Celestial, breaking his divine shield and devastating him into a pile of mashed flesh over the ground! The mercilessness of his powerful summons knew no bounds!

After seeing another Celestial fall without him even moving an inch, Gustav saw the EXP quickly fill his EXP Bar and bringing him to the last level!

Ding!

[Your Level has increased to Level 100!]

[You gained EXP]

Level 100!

At level 100, Gustav couldn't help but open his eyes wide in surprise and awe, he couldn't help but feel exhilarating adrenaline pumping through his blood vessels, a smile emerged on his lips as he quickly decided to change Jobs! He had also been gathering Gold and Hero Feathers through the battle, as he had made some materialized Elemental Spirit Beasts bring him all the loot, which he saved inside his Inventory.

Gustav smiled as he decided to change jobs in the middle of this chaotic battlefield, receiving a large boost on his power!

Ding!

[Available Job Options]

[Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]

[Divine Psionic Mind Sorcerer]

[Divine Spear Grand Master of Seven Brilliant Elements]

…

Three new Jobs!

Two of them seemed like upgrades of his previous Jobs which he didn't pick. This time one of them gained the Summon word on it, and both became "Divine" meaning that Gustav was probably getting closer to reach a higher tier of divinity.

Gustav thought about things at an amazingly fast speed, as he decided to pick the first option.

Ding!

[Do you wish to exchange 50.000 Skill Points, 120.000 Gold, and 50.000 Hero Feathers to change Jobs into [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]?]

<Yes> <No>

Gustav quickly pressed yes, making sure that he had enough resources, as a large wave of new energy began to surge through his entire body an instant after!

Ding!

[You exchanged 50.000 Skill Points, 120.000 Gold, and 50.000 Hero Feathers!]

[You changed Jobs into [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]!]

FLAAASH!

The moment he changed Jobs, Gustav felt as if a wave of searing flames began to consume his entire body and soul, purifying him through constant burning and searing agony.

The Slarkob Leader and the Celestial King suddenly felt the essence coming from Gustav, both of them realizing that his power was advancing by leaps and bounds!

"What is this?! His power is increasing out of nowhere! Is this… this damn system they have?! But how can it give so much power!" said the Slarkob Leader.

"Haha! It is as if the kid had suddenly eaten a Fire God out of nowhere! Amazing! Now I really want to fight him!" laughed the King, glancing with fascination as Gustav enhanced his power.

Gustav felt a bit nervous by doing so, knowing that the Celestial King's divine eyes were glaring at him! But he was using this opportunity to boost his power, as this entity seemed to be waiting for him to finish off his army before battling against him!

Gustav knew very well that the bastard had his eyes locked on him…

FLASH!

Gustav's eyes opened once more as they released divine flames, the enhancement of his entire body was clear as he gained a new powerup that clearly dwarfed the previous Fire-related Job he had taken before!

His Blazing Soul Core gained an even stronger fire, as it resembled a small sun living in the middle of his soul!

The brilliance of this divine fire was so great and mesmerizing that everyone on the battlefield noticed how Gustav was shining with a blazing golden light, it was as if he had become the incarnation of the sun itself!

FLAAAASH!

Gustav began to slowly compact this power into his own body again, without letting it leak outside! As he did, he refined this energy and began to cultivate without realizing it, enhancing his Soul's power to a new realm, while his Beast Orb was also being nourished greatly by this, growing bigger and changing its color into a more radiant gold, with several blazing tones around its splendorous appearance.

Gustav's body was reinforced by this power as well, enhancing his physique to a new level of divine power. Lastly, a blazing sun tattoo emerged in the middle of his forehead, flashing with even more power!

It was as if Gustav had truly become a God of Fire!

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 131 - The Might Of The Divine Sacred Flames!


-----

Gustav's eyes opened as they flashed with blazing fire, he quickly checked his status, noticing the great changes on his stats, which were clearly reflexed in how his muscles had been enhanced alongside the rest of his body, such as bones, cartilage, skin, and more.

His soul had also been enhanced, as the soul core within his soul had become of divine nature, showing in the change of Soul Cultivation Realm he had attained…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [76]

[Gold: [189.569]

[Hero Feathers: [122.742]

[Hero Fragments: [13.200]

[Job: [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid]

[Skill Points: [171.315]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: 5/9 (Middle Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Realm (Middle Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Creation Realm (Middle Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [96/100] > [100/120]

[Vitality: [496.000/496.000 > 700.000/700.000] [Growth Per Level: 13.000]

[Mana: [772.000/772.000 > 970.000/970.000] [Growth Per Level: 15.000]

[Strength: [490.000 > 630.000] [Growth Per Level: 12.000]

[Magic: [547.000 > 760.000] [Growth Per Level: 15.000]

[Dexterity: [444.000 > 540.000] [Growth Per Level 11.000]

…

Gustav quickly realized that his Cultivation levels had raised towards their next realms. Even his soul cultivation had increased, as he entered the divine soul core realm, this was the reason of his new and even more powerful soul core!

All of his stats had skyrocketed into higher numbers, most of them being over halfway through to 1 million, in specific his Mana, which has reached almost 1 million, being only a few thousands of mana short!

This easily reflexed in how much energy his body and soul were exuding, alongside his Beast Orb. As Beast Orb produced Beast Ki, which merged with his Mana and added into total number, it meant that he had a large amount of Mana, way more than what his body and soul could produce on their own.

However, things had not ended here yet, as he got two new Skills!

Ding!

[You learned the [Divine Physique of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno (SSS)] and [Divine Sacred Blazing Sun Spirit Summon (SSS)]!]

"Oh?"

Gustav's mind flashed at a fast speed, as he checked his two new Skills immediately.

…

[Divine Physique of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno (SSS)]

Your physique has been refined through the searing divine flames of the sun itself, your entire body has been burned and renewed with surging new strength and power. Your closeness with the Fire Attribute has never been this high, due to this, all your capabilities while wielding fire attribute are enhanced by 200%.

Your comprehension speed of the Fire Law is increased by 500% while your damage dealt using Fire-attribute attack is enhanced by 200%, Fire-attribute damage towards you is reduced by 70%, and you absorb 30% of that damage into Vitality and Mana.

Your body naturally produces an aura of searing flames that can damage any foes around your vicinity within 20 meters of you.

…

[Divine Sacred Blazing Sun Spirit Summon (SSS)]

The power of a Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno. Grants the user the ability to release an aura of flames and infuse Beast Ki to recreate monstrous creatures made of Divine Blaze, which can be used to both enhance the user or an ally's strength, or as deadly projectiles, or even as "materials" to be used to form greater Fire Attribute Spells.

If fused into users that cannot wield fire, it will grant them the power of using Divine Fire. And anyone that is merged with them will temporarily enhance their resistance to fire attribute and damage dealt while using fire attribute. The more beast stacked the greater the strength, but the greater the burden.

…

These two new Skills seemed similar to other Skills Gustav already had, as they looked like direct upgrades of these Skills. The first Skill was incredibly good as it would help him in the future by comprehending whatever was the "Fire Law", while it also enhanced all of his stats and growth, and a lot of other things.

Meanwhile, the second skill seemed incredibly similar to the Elemental Spirit Beast Summon Skill, but this one was related to creatures made of Divine Fire, which might be even stronger than the elemental ones. However, it wasn't as if Gustav needed to replace them, he merely had to stack them up even more!

This Skill's summons were also different, as they could be used directly as projectiles, and even as "ingredients" to form greater spells. Gustav had no idea how to use magic, but he was able to control the elements through the infusion of mana into certain skills that released those elements, however, even then, the power he had over them was partially limited. Although some of his equipment came with element manipulation as well.

Gustav inspected the battlefield in a split of a second, seeing that there wasn't any "fire user" he quickly began to unleash his newly acquired power through his body, as his aura unlashed a deadly divine fire around all of his surroundings, which only damaged his enemies, while his allies were enhanced by it, making it yet another layer of essence aura that they could be enhanced by to increase their stats.

"Now…!"

FLAAASH!

Now that he had expanded his newly acquired divine sun fire domain, Gustav quickly began to summon Divine Fire Spiritual Beasts, which took the shapes of gigantic blazing wolves, lions, and phoenixes!

The Blazing Wolves, Infernal Lions, and Sun Phoenixes flew through the battlefield as they began to explode at first contact with an enemy, while they fused with any ally they came across, filling such allies with a blazing new power!

Gustav had suddenly made of his army an even more threatening force in the span of a few minutes since it all started!

The Celestial King smiled with wicked fascination.

"It's time…! He will surely be the one that will make me break my limits!"

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 132 - The Time Has Come!


-----

The massive illusory elemental spirit beasts formed from Gustav's new Skills and Auras combined into his Beast Orb rampaged the entire battlefield as they enhanced the power of his army. Without doing anything but stand still, Gustav was already dominating the battlefield! This was the true strength of a Summoner!

And as the massacre continued, the Celestial King wasn't able to contain himself anymore, he wanted to battle Gustav and see all he could do! He wanted to corner him and see how far he could reach!

The Celestial King's name was Athos Adonn, part of the Adonn Family of Celestials within the Celestial World, he was the father of many children, none of them present now.

Since he was born that he was seen as more talented than other Celestials, his levels of Divine Essence were way higher, and he developed his Divine Aura and other powers just as quickly.

The power he exuded from his body was all of the high quality as well, and when he reached maturity, his powerful Divine Weapon, the golden spear of divine brilliance, had acquired several powers, one of them being the ability to open space and crack it open!

Seeing such outstanding talent, the Celestial Elders gave him the title of Celestial King, a higher authority amongst Celestials, and he was given a large army to command and nurture to grow strong.

Celestials, despite their amazing power, didn't leisurely sit down in their essence-rich worlds doing nothing, they trained their powers and bodies every day, as they reached the confines of their world and conquered each other's Empires in immense wars of massive destruction.

However, no matter how many landscapes they annihilated, their world was so rich in essence that such landscapes would quickly be shaped into new biomes, and new Celestial Beasts would occupy them. Celestials not only fight against each other but against the ever-expanding Celestial Nature of their world, which possessed a will that rejected their existence.

By using their powers, the Celestials carved a path through this insane world of bloodshed and monsters capable of shaking heaven and earth!

Through their long history, they always ought for supremacy not only against each other but nature… however, this one day ended as cracks in space emerged and the celestial worlds will suddenly become weaker due to this.

The Celestials found this new opportunity to conquer other worlds, finding out that their power was way higher than the vast majority of other worlds they visited and conquered. It seemed that they were born in a naturally stronger world power level-wise.

Due to this immense difference in power, the Celestials thought of themselves as a higher race, and conquered many worlds, mercilessly slaughtering anything on their path, they took the joy of slaughtering the little ants before them, something that they could rarely do in their original world where anything that roamed in nature was immensely strong and took many of them to take down.

The Celestial King here had fought and conquered a dozen of worlds with his army and had recently arrived here, doing the same as usual. Throughout his entire life, he had felt like he had never been able to exert his full power, his full potential.

However, things changed now, greatly!

Out of all the planets filled with weaklings, this one was the most boring yet, until now!

Gustav had changed his complete perception of these measly mortal beings that couldn't compare to the glory of the Celestials, showcasing his amazing power to grow stronger in such a little time, he overpowered the threats before his path and slaughtered hundreds of beasts through his path to save his home, managing to destroy the powerful spaceships of these aliens and ultimately managing to enhance the power of his troops through his mysterious and colorful powers.

Could there be a chance that these mortals were actually stronger? That they could have the chance to grow as Gustav did at the end? No matter what he thought, the reality was here. And Gustav and his army of former mortal-like entities were devastating the Celestials that had slaughtered hundreds if not thousands of ants just a few minutes ago.

It was as if they were paying them back for all the sins they had committed. The Celestial King felt utterly frustrated deep down, feeling like such weaklings shouldn't have dared to come to fight back against them!

However, it was obviously way more than this…

Aside from this frustration of an inferior species trying to fight back against him, he also felt fascinated by it! He wanted to see how far Gustav could go, how far were the limits and growth of a mortal from this planet!

The very mortal that was fighting against his troops and using his own troops to slaughter his! All these mortals daring to attack and even kill Celestials, what kind of insanity was this?

It felt as if flies had suddenly revealed against humans and began to kick and punch them to death! That's the only description of how crazy this entire thing felt!

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

The giant spaceships fell over the ground and exploded, as the Celestials were slaughtered one by one, their powerful divine weapons and powers were frightful and made for great challenges, but the troops of Gustav were prevailing at the end, even more as he shared even more power by using his powers as a summoner and summoning powerful elemental spirit beasts to infuse on his allies to enhance their strength, or using them as distractions, or even as projectiles!

The Celestial King covered himself on his divine aura as he summoned his spear, the same one he had used to open a crack in space in here and enter this world forcefully! This spear was powerful, and it emanated a golden brilliance that seemed even superior to Gustav's weapon!

"Heh… Hehahaha! It is the time! It is time, earthling! Show it to me! Show me how strong your race of maggots can truly become!" roared the Celestial King, his divine aura emanated a brilliance equal to the sun itself, shaking the heavens!

FLAAAAASH!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 133 - All Out Battle! Gustav VS The Celestial King! 1


-----

The Celestial King charged his entire body with divine power and flew down like a falling star, the Slarkob Leader within the mothership felt angered as it saw the leader of the Celestials recklessly charge to the enemy without a proper plan!

"Wait, what are you doing? Stop!" he roared, but the Celestial King didn't hear him, as he flew through the clouds and reached the army of Gustav in an instant!

FLAAAAASH!

"HAHAHA! COME FORTH!" roared the Celestial King, readying his divinity aura and his spear, as he began to move it around, suddenly generating a wave of golden energy, firing it towards Gustav's allies and the foes they were fighting.

"If you don't want them to die, come confront me!" he laughed.

Gustav's eyes flashed with crimson-red light as his entire body exuded an explosive aura of divine fire, in a split of a second, he reached in front of the wave of divine energy fired by the Celestial King, as he unleashed a barrage of explosive divine fire!

"I am here!"

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The wave of divine energy coming from the Celestial King started to dim and dissipate as the enormous barrage of explosive divine fire consumed it!

"Hah! It seems that you got some guts for someone that was sitting through the whole ordeal!" laughed the Celestial King.

Gustav squinted his eyes as he unleashed the several Skills he possessed, an Aura of Piercing Spears emerged, and then the Aura of his Beast Ki emanating from his Beast Orb, and then an aura of Seven Colors from his Elemental Spirit Beast Aura, and lastly, the power of his Divine Sun Fire Aura emerged as well, converging into a flare of several colors, as sharp as countless spears, and overflowing with spiritual energy, several beasts of all shapes and sizes roaring around such a gigantic aura, this was Gustav's culmination of all the power he had amassed up until now!

Such a glorious and wondrous aura made the Celestial King open his eyes wide! He unleashed all of his divine aura from the beginning, as he raised his spear.

"Hahaha! Such a powerful Aura…! Are you really just a measly human?!" asked the Celestial King, flashing towards Gustav with everything he had! Gigantic spears made of golden light emerged from his aura and began to shower down over Gustav, as Gustav's eyes flashed with light.

"Yes, I am just a humble earthling!" laughed Gustav, as he rushed towards the Celestial King, summoning an army of spiritual beasts made from his fused aura, clashing against the Celestial King's spears made of golden aura!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The several explosions released constant shockwaves all across the sky, as Kireina and everyone else from Gustav's army glanced at this scene while fighting against their foes, which there were still some alive…

"Master is doing his best… And so, we have to do everything we can!" roared Kireina, leading the army as they fought even more aggressively, the Celestials and the Slarkobs numbers quickly began to lower!

Gustav noticed this as he smiled, he was still boosting everyone's power with his aura too. And now that he had to fight against the Celestial King, he would have to spend even more Mana!

However, at the stage he was now, he was capable of recovering mana at a fast pace, although there were also other factors, such as the ability to reabsorb mana through the energy that Gungnir took away from his enemies, and additionally, his clothes also had the power to absorb essence from nearby foes, the Celestial King quickly realized that part of his divine essence!

"He can absorb my own essence?!" thought the Celestial King, only discovering one of Gustav's various tricks… Another of them was…

A brilliant light above the head of the Celestial King, which he could not see, began to slowly fade away and turn less and less bright… this was the Celestial King's fortune! Gustav began to immediately siphon his own fortune, absorbing it into his own!

"(This is a lucky bastard, I can barely scratch his fortune a bit. Is this because of being so strong? I will have to use everything I can to kill him...)" thought Gustav, gritting his teeth as a sudden fist-shaped aura projectile came out of the Celestial King, clashing over his barrier!

CLASH!

The barrier which was automatically generated by his equipment was a powerful one, which merged several attributes together and used absorbed essence from the environment to activate! However, it wasn't invincible.

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"ORA! ORA! ORRAAA!"

The Celestial King roared fiercely as his aura fists clashed over Gustav's barrier, his spear moved at a fast speed as well, creating a combination of powerful shower attacks over Gustav's barrier, cracking it slowly!

CRACK… CRACK!

Gustav smiled fiercely at this challenge. He had come far in this little time, enough to fight the King of these damned Celestials who had killed millions in such little time, the one he saw at first who he feared so much he became stiff! Now… he had right here!

Gustav had tried several of the Skills he possessed while fighting the Celestial King, the Skills he gained from the Beasts, or even the Psionic Arts using the Mind Blast attack, however, it seemed useless against this monstrous entity, anything below SSS-Rank in terms of Skills had no effect on his monster's skin and defensive aura!

"What's wrong, earthling? Getting tired already?!" roared the Celestial King, as he pointed his open palm to Gustav and unleashed a blast of energy against him resembling a typical Kamehameha!

BOOOOMMM!!!

Gustav gritted his teeth as he received the attack head-on due to its intensity, the Celestial King smiling devilishly as he began to think that Gustav wasn't as much as he had originally thought!

However…!

FLAAAAASH!

"Eh?!"

CLASH!

Out of nowhere, a factor that the Celestial King had completely forgotten about emerged right behind him, and while he least expected it, Gungnir! The divine spear pierced the Celestial King's chest, making him vomit a mouthful of blood right away!

"Ungh…! Bastard…!"

Gustav smiled back at the Celestial King, as the Celestial King felt utter wrath over being played like this!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 134 - All Out Battle! Gustav VS The Celestial King! 2


-----

As the Divine Spear Gungnir suddenly pierced the Celestial King out of nowhere, Gustav smiled wickedly, as he ordered the spear to twist and turn around while being inside of the Celestial King, piercing and opening the wound on his chest even more!

"UNNNGGGHAAGGH…!"

The Celestial King groaned in agony as Gustav had no mercy for this bastard!

"Sorry, but I am not a fan of upfront fights!" laughed Gustav, as he extended his aura and continued to summon an army of Spiritual Beasts over the Celestial King, as the Celestial King roared in anger, his eyes turning completely red as he gritted his teeth and grasped Gungnir with his hand!

"RAAAAAGGRR!"

SLASH!

He used all his might to force Gungnir out of his deadly wound, as he released a wave of divine aura and destroyed several of the summoned spiritual beasts that Gustav sent at him!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Gungnir tried to assault the Celestial King once more, but he quickly conjured a powerful divine shield over his free hand, his second divine weapon, which he was not using because Gustav's attacks were barely scratching him beforehand!

However, this damn spear…

This damn spear!

Unlike the Celestial King's spear, Gungnir had a mind of its own and constantly tried to impale him at every second, he had to employ half of his thought process into shielding himself against this deadly attack using his Divine Shield, which was releasing sparks of lightning each time the tip of Gungnir clashed against it!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"Damned spear! How strong is it?! I had completely forgotten he had one because he wasn't even using it… but right! This damn weapon can attack its own, I tried to break it with my fist, but it also seemed impossible… As this mortal created a weapon that can rival the Divine Weapons that Celestial Kings such as myself can materialize?!" wondered the Celestial King, he felt like he had underestimated Gustav's shrewdness!

"What's up? Feeling overwhelmed? Getting tired, old man?" asked Gustav, as he continued to conjure spiritual beasts armies, any of the beasts that died left out their residual essence, which Gustav absorbed back. At the same time, Gustav absorbed the Celestial King's immense quantity of fortune, while also absorbing his essence through his equipment traits.

It was a battle of attrition! Who could last longer? And it seems that Gustav had taken the upper hand in this battle!

Even more, as he glanced at the wound that the Celestial King held within his chest.

"Why is it not healing?!" wondered the Celestial King. All Celestials possessed amazing regeneration abilities, equal to even Vampires, even if their limbs were sliced, new ones would grow, even if their entire bodies were cut into pieces, whatever was left closer to the head would regrow again…

The only way to kill them was by aiming at their brain and blasting it into a pulp, even then, if you were to be careless and only damage their head a bit through some holes, even those holes directly into their brains would regrow back!

However, this was different, something weird was happening! Why didn't the Celestial King's wound healed yet?! What was happening?!

"How is it possible for my wound to not heal…?! Unngh…!"

The Celestial King vomited a mouthful of blood once more, the wound was terrible, it penetrated his spine and had pierced his esophagus and also his lungs, his heart was also damaged but barely managed to not be blasted.

But this had a reason!

"Heh… I bet he doesn't realize that my Gungnir had the powerful [Unhealing Accursed Wounds (SSS)] Trait! Giving it the ability to inflict cursed wounds that slow down natural regeneration drastically! He's still recovering his wound, but at an incredibly slow pace!" thought Gustav, as his smile grew even more malicious!

CLASH! CLASH! CLAAASH!

Meanwhile, Gungnir continued to assault the Celestial King, who defended himself with his Divine Shield, while using his Divine Spear to attack the army of spiritual beast summoned by Gustav!

"Damn it…! He got me! I cannot charge in front because this spear is constantly assaulting me from behind, while I cannot attack with my spear because I have to use it to fend off the creatures he summons without end…! My wound is healing way too slowly for some kind of curse that his spear can inflict, if I continue like this, I will surely perish!" thought the Celestial King. He was no fool when it came to battle, he had already realized Gustav's plan, and it was working excellently! But in battle, there were always factors that one could never predict correctly, factors that could change the tide of war!

"I will have to use it then! Even if it eats away my lifespan!" laughed the Celestial King, as Gustav's eyes opened wide, suddenly, the Celestial King's aura exploded once more, as he felt that this wasn't just the essence of his body, but of his soul!

This was the power of the talented Celestial King's soul, the power that even surpassed his own body, which was so enormous that if he overused it, the energy of his very soul would consume his body and he would lose lifespan with every minute of using this!

Gustav noticed that the Celestial King's power began to skyrocket like crazy, it was as if he had released something that was actually containing his true power in fear of damaging his own body!

"HAAAAH!"

The Celestial King roared like a monstrous lion, as a shockwave of divine aura was unleashed all around him, the spiritual beasts were destroyed in an instant, as Gungnir was blown away into the faraway distance!

"Now let's see who lasts the most!" roared the Celestial King, flashing towards Gustav with everything he had!

Gustav gritted his teeth as he prepared for the impact, generating his shield, and then coating it in several layers of his aura, which he shaped as sharp and piercing spears from his Spear Aura!

CLAAAAASH!

The Celestial King and Gustav clashed once more! Who would reign at the end?!

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f S u m m o n e r: S u p r e m e S u m m o n e r S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e : The St ory of a young web novelist wh o is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 135 - All Out Battle! Gustav VS The Celestial King! 3


-----

The Celestial King unleashed his true power, coming from his powerful divine soul, as a bright yellow-gold radiance was emanated from his soul and reaching his body. His entire muscles, bones, skin, and more were enhanced by this, increasing his total power to a new ridiculous level!

His explosive shockwave of energy sent Gungnir flying into the skies, as the Celestial King flashed towards Gustav and began to shower him with powerful meteor blows, crushing the maximum amount of five barriers he had set, and reaching up to his body!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

The Celestial King's fists were incredibly strong, two punches were enough to blast the divine barrier created by the power of Legendary-Rank equipment with ease!

Gustav gritted his teeth as he received the attacks of the Celestial King with quite the wicked smile.

"Fine, let's wrestle for a bit, you old bastard!" he roared, as he combined all the Auras he possessed, combining the elements with his divine flare, and shaping his entire aura and presence as piercing golden winds!

Additionally, Gustav's chest began to glow brightly, as a gigantic Beast Spirit emerged, from his back, like a monstrous phantom made of golden flames, this was the powerful Golden Flames Chimaera, which emerged when Gustav summoned it!

"RROOAAARRR!"

The creature fused with Gustav's aura as it became larger and monstrous, while Gustav continued to summon Elemental Beast Spirits that merged with it, making it even stronger!

The Celestial King watched at this with awe, as the beast materialized its gigantic paws and tails, and began to shower the Celestial King with continuous attacks while Gustav remained standing, as he wasn't so good at punching!

"ORRRRAAAA!" roared Gustav, as the several attacks from his Beast Spirit rushed over the powered-up Celestial King, who counterattacked with his shining fists, spear, and shield!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"GAAHAHAHA! You're not half bad, earthling!"

"RRRROOAAARRR!"

The golden flame chimera's appearance became larger and larger, its entire body protected Gustav inside, as Gustav used his powerful energy and controlled this vicious Beast Spirit, releasing explosions of divine beast ki everywhere he attacked, the Celestial King laughed maniacally as he took these attacks head-on, releasing more and more explosive attacks from his aura, the scene in the skies was mesmerizing, everyone who was watching this had their eyes fixed on this!

The heavens trembled as the power of the Celestial King seemed to have no end, and so did Gustav's abilities, each head of the Chimaera merged with his skills, as they released rays of light, blazing flames, and powerful currents of water, impacting over the Celestial King in succession, as he released a powerful barrage of piercing attacks through his divine spear while defending with his divine shield!

CLASH! CLASH! CLAAASH!

Gustav's Beast Spirit suddenly lost a large chunk of its mass as the Celestial King managed to unleash a powerful attack over it, however, he infused mana into it and regenerated new limbs and claws, coating them with elements and anything he had, continuing to attack with every single thing he could do!

"GRRYSSHAAA!"

The tail of the chimera suddenly coated itself in pure shadows, as it jumped over the Celestial King and materialized into a mass of shadows, entrapping his body with them, and then biting his body with its snake-like jaws!

"USELESS!" roared the Celestial King, as he released a wave of golden divine brilliance from his body, but Gustav came rushing towards him with his Beast Spirit, as he suddenly released it outside of his own body and materialized it into a gigantic beast!

"RROOOAAAARRR!"

The monstrous creature of several meters fell over the Celestial King, as the creature tightly held him into a fight to the death! The Celestial King used his weapon to slice through the heads of the monster as he bathed on its golden blood, while the claws of the creature reached the Celestial King and slashed his bare chest, until a larger and stronger than usual claw reached his left arm, slashing through it and cutting off his arm!

SLAAAASH!

"UNNGGRH?!"

The Celestial King was shocked by the main, this creature was strong!

Gustav, meanwhile, generated ten enormous divine fire suns the size surpassing 40 meters, as he sent them against the Celestial King consecutively, using the power of his Mana Bullet Skill, and fusing it with his divine fire abilities and skills, he was able to constantly generate these fireballs after he was given some time to prepare!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

The Celestial King glanced with horror as he tried to evade, but the gigantic fireballs reached him in no time as if each one was a single sun by itself, each attack started to explode over his entire body, shacking the entire heavens as the body of the Celestial King was being constantly consumed by the fire, he used his shield to protect himself, but even then, the shield started to melt!

"It's melting my shield…?! I-Impossible!" cried the Celestial King in utter disbelief, as he tried to counter-attack by releasing a ray of divine energy against Gustav, but finding out that he had summoned over 10 gigantic fireballs, which he fused into another Beast Spirit! This time, it resembled a furious Phoenix!

"By using the template of the Wind Eagle whose Beast Orb I absorbed, I can shape the fire as if it were a phoenix, surprising this old man even more!" thought Gustav, releasing the gigantic phoenix!

"CAAAAA!"

The monstrous winged Beast Spirit made entirely out of Divine Fire flew towards the Celestial King, as he was kept locked by what remained of the resilient Golden Flame Chimaera whose entire body was covered in wounds, with most of its heads and limbs missing, it was still cornering the Celestial King!

"TCH…! Golden Aura!" roared the Celestial King, as he released an explosion of golden brilliance, clashing against the Chimaera and crushing it into the ground, as he managed to flee from the Phoenix, but the Phoenix was surprisingly faster!"

"CAAA!"

The monstrous winged creature reached the Celestial King, as it engulfed him into divine fire!

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f S u m m o n e r: S u p r e m e S u m m o n e r S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e : The St ory of a young web novelist wh o is suddenly thrown into an interdimensional apocalypse but given a powerful System that lets him summon his novel characters to aid him!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 136 - All Out Battle! Gustav VS The Celestial King! 4


-----

"CAAA!"

The Blazing Divine Fire Phoenix that Gustav summoned by spending a lot of his Mana rushed towards the Celestial King, embracing him with its divine fire!

"Grrruuuaaaaggghh…!"

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

The gigantic creature exploded as it embraced him with its blazing wings, the entire Celestial King was embraced by the divine fire, as Gustav glanced with expectation at the result of this battle!

The flames consumed the Celestial King until they dissipated… however, Gustav hasn't won any EXP yet!

Was he still alive?

Gustav glanced at the Celestial King, whose entire body was charred and burned, his flesh was grilling horribly as his entire face was bald, his long and glorious white beard and hair were gone, as his eyes were melting, his skin was burning and red, and flames were still stuck over his body, the giant hole that Gungnir left on him was still there, even bigger and leaking a lot of blood.

The monstrously strong entity, the Celestial King, was gasping for air, his entire life fading away…

"Hahhh… Hahhh…"

Gustav squinted his eyes, as he was about to go and kill him, but something happened that surprised him!

"Gahahaha!"

FLASH!

The Celestial King suddenly began to regenerate his wounds, the brilliance of his soul resonated through his horribly burnt body, bringing it back to life!

The burnt flesh falling over the ground as he slowly started to regenerate!

"Hahaha! It is not over! It is not- Eh?!"

However, would Gustav let this bastard regenerate in front of him?!

The answer is simple…

NO!

The Celestial King watched with horror as a blazing divine spear reached him, piercing his head while he was still incapacitated while regenerating!

CLAAASH!

"UUAAGGH…! UEGGH…! AAGGGH…!"

The Celestial King roared in agony as he was somehow still alive!

"This monster is way too strong!" thought Gustav.

"Gahahahah! I am going to take you with me, no matter what!" roared the Celestial King, rushing towards Gustav with a wicked smile, even with a damn spear piercing his brain, as his power flashed out of his entire body, he was about to shower Gustav with all of this power!

"I guess there's no option, I will have to use my trump card." Thought Gustav, as he used THAT Skill!

Planet's Guardian Skill special Abilities, Suppression!

TRUUUUUUMMM!

Suddenly, the power of the laws of this world themselves rushed over the Celestial King, suppressing him while in midair!

The enormous pressure made him stop his reckless charge, as the insane smile on his face disappeared in an instant!

"W-What?! Unnggh…! Aaaagh…!"

His entire power felt as if it was being suppressed by enormous invisible hands he could not get away from! He felt lethargic, and all of his wounds started to come out again, he began to vomit blood and more!

This was the amazing power of a Planet's Guardian, by using the Laws of this world through its authority and connection with the planet's core, these laws can be used as a formless pressure that temporarily reduces the power of someone.

Gustav had believed he wouldn't use it after he saw the Celestial King all burned down, but now that the bastard was regenerating and rushing towards him, this was his only option, even more, because Gustav himself was feeling tired, his Mana had been overused so much that he felt a terrible pain on his soul, and his Mana was not being able to catch up with the need of constant usage. Not even draining the energy from the Celestial King was enough, this monster was too much of a monster!

However, Gustav had this trump card behind his sleeve, and he utilized it at the very last moment!

"UAAAAGGH…!"

The Celestial King cried in agony as he tried to reach Gustav, but Gustav waved his hand and infused the last wave of mana into Gungnir!

"Gungnir, crush him…!" he roared, as the divine spear began to spin around inside of the Celestial King's head, crushing his entire brain as the Celestial King gave away a last cry of agony!

"UUUUUAAAAGGGH…!"

SPLAT!

The Celestial King's entire head exploded into pieces as his entire body was pierced by the spear until being left like Swiss cheese, falling over the ground!

BOOM!

Gustav, however, was not done.

Using everything he had left, he rushed towards the pained and tired soul of the Celestial King, who was trying to run away somewhere else, seemingly still conscious in this form.

However, Gustav, as a Necromancer, had a strong authority over souls, and forced him to obey him and run towards his open mouth!

"Ungh…! I died yet you still want to kill my soul?! STOP…! Aggh…! GUUUAAAAGGH…!"

CRUNCH!

Gustav mercilessly devoured the Celestial King's divine soul, munching it and swallowing it!

FLASH!

A sudden rush of new power entered his entire body, as the divine essence that the Celestial King had saved up, which he was using to give him all of this power was fused with Gustav's soul through his Soul Eating Skill!

"This power…!"

Gustav smiled as he felt suddenly revitalized, the soul of such a strong celestial was truly a delightful delicacy!

His fatigue was suddenly gone, and his mana was back up, and even more, he gained tons of EXP!

Ding!

[Your Level has increased from Level 100 to Level 101!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 101 to Level 102!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 102 to Level 103!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 103 to Level 104!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 104 to Level 105!]

…

[Your Level has increased from Level 119 to Level 120!]

[Level Cap Reached, Change Jobs to increase your Level Cap!]

Twenty levels in a single sitting! This was the ridiculous amount of EXP that the powerful and glorious Celestial King gave away!

Gustav calculated that he not only got EXP from killing him but also by destroying the soul, he also got EXP.

He sighed in relief for a bit, as he glanced down below, the corpse of the Celestial King was overwhelming with new items popping out of thin air one after another!

However!

FLAASH!

BOOOM!

Gustav barely evaded a giant laser beam that came from above the sky, the mothership of the Slarkobs was still left!

"It's not over yet, it seems…"

-----

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 137 - Victory


-----

As the Celestial King was killed and his corpse fell over the ground, the entire battlefield fell silent. All the spaceship's presents were already "sunk" into the ground, and the Celestials soldiers were all killed, many of the soldiers on Gustav's side were wounded and incredibly tired after overusing the Elemental Spiritual Beasts, but everyone seemed alive…

Some summons had died in battle and become ethereal though, although they did this willingly, using themselves as shields to save the lives of others who could not "respawn" as they could. However, even them were quickly brought back as Gustav regained his power by eating the Celestial King's soul.

However, just as Gustav was trying to calm down, a giant laser ray grazed him, as he barely managed to evade!

FLAAAASH!

BOOOOM!

The powerful laser beam reached the ground as it left a gigantic crater, it was even bigger than the one the other Spaceships were able to leave through their laser beams. Gustav glanced towards the skies as there was a gigantic, black-colored spaceship, the last one remaining, and the toughest and strongest one! It was the mothership, containing the last army of Slarkobs and the Slarkob leader!

"Now that you're weakened after the fight, we'll annihilate you!" roared the Slarkob Leader, as the spaceship began to rush towards Gustav at an incredible speed that its giant body size shouldn't have, packing up a giant laser beam and firing it towards him!

The mothership broke through the wind at an amazing speed, as Kireina and the rest of the summons flew towards Gustav's side to assist him, but Gustav stopped them.

"I'll handle this…" said Gustav, as his entire body released an enormous divine power from within, creating ripples in space itself! It was even more potent than the Celestial King himself!

Gustav, with the powerful Gungnir at his side, flew towards the Mothership, going head-on!

The aliens inside of it were shocked, why was he doing such a foolish act?!

However, the Slarkob Leader laughed maliciously, this was the time to kill him!

He loaded the large cannons and released a massive laser beam towards Gustav, its crimson-red brilliance rushing towards him as Gustav raised his weapon and infused it with his Aura, as fiery golden flames emerged constantly, while the spear started to rotate!

FLAAAAAASH!

The rotating weapon rushed through the air as it completely ignored the power of the laser beam, overwhelming it and helping Gustav get through it!

"W-WHAT?!"

The Slarkob Leader was left in disbelief! How was this possible? This beam could even destroy an entire planet if he wanted to! Yet this single earthling and his stupid spear were easily rushing through it like nothing?!

CLAAAASH!

Gustav suddenly reached the cannons as he flew inside, using his overwhelming energy, he fused with his Chimaera and formed an enormous armor of materialized golden beast ki over his body, resembling a golden knight!

His armored body rushed through the cannon's interior, crushing everything inside and getting into the interior of the spaceship through it!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOOOM! CLAAASH!

"Eeeeh?!"

The Slarkob Leader was left in utter disbelief and horror as a majestic golden paladin emerged inside of his Spaceship, raising a spear.

"Y-Youuu!"

All the Slarkobs pointed their weapons at him as Gustav was showered in laser rays which didn't do a single scratch to his Aura Armor, the materialization of all of his Auras and Beast Ki combined together through his Beast Spirit!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

All the laser rays continued to shower Gustav, but he seemed unaltered by all of them!

His eyes gleamed with crimson-red light below his golden helmet, as he took the psionic energy attacks from the aliens as well, which were nothing.

Gungnir danced around him as it massacred every single Slarkob it saw, without damaging much of the spaceship this time!

A massacre of horrifying degrees unfolded before the Slarkob Leader, as Gustav glanced at him with scorn.

"Y-You damn monster! You damn… Filthy earthling!" cried the Slarkob Leader.

"I have come here personally, even though I could have completely destroyed your spaceship if I wanted… And that's because I will not kill you, but enslave you and the survivors in between the corpses," said Gustav, cleaning Gungnir from the green and oozy blood stuck to it by shaking the weapon.

The Slarkob Leader fell over the floor while trembling, his squid-faced appearance was utterly alien, yet it still held some resemblance to emotions when it was completely terrified.

"What?! You dare enslave me and my race?! We are conquerors of planets, we own the universe! We- UEGH!"

Gustav grabbed the Slarkob Leader's throat as he began to infuse his soul over him, like a never-ending pressure, all of his will disappeared and like a monster being tamed, the Slarkob Leader ended falling to Gustav's command!

"Uaggh… W-What is this… detestable feeling!?" cried the Slarkob Leader.

"Like a pet, you're tamed," said Gustav, throwing him into the ground, the Slarkob Leader tried to argue, but somehow could not… He was really enslaved!

Gustav did the same with every surviving Slarkob, he needed some of them alive, so he left almost 20 alive of the almost 100 that there were…

Ding!

[You gained Stockpiled EXP]

[Change Jobs to earn the Stockpiled EXP]

…

Naturally, killing all these squids gave him a nice amount of EXP too.

Gustav then ordered the Slarkobs, which could no resist any of his commands, to slowly descend the spaceship into the ground, after that, Gustav gathered with the rest of his party.

"Master, I am glad you're fine…" said Kireina.

"It was a tough fight…" said Katrina.

"Indeed, it was… Now, most things are done. The city is just right off the corner… Let's go," said Gustav.

Gustav saved up most of his army inside his Inner World once more, without including the Slarkob Mothership and the ones inside, although he cleaned the interior off the corpses left.

And like this, he flew into the skies and reached the large city before him.

The cataclysmic incident left this big city in ruins, most of the skyscrapers were destroyed, and there were no people anywhere…

However, Gustav quickly felt some signs of life in the underground.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 138 - The World's Relief


-----

The world's core felt relieved.

Despite what it might seem, the invasion occurred near the north pole of Earth, most of such rifts didn't emerge in the south pole, although there were still small ones where feral monsters emerged, they weren't as massive as the ones that Gustav had encountered.

Especially because there was a big difference between some feral monsters and the invaders he had just annihilated with everything he had, the Slarkobs, the Beast World Monsters, and the Celestials.

The World's Core analyzed her surface, as she found that there were no Slarkobs anywhere else than the places where Gustav had killed them, nor Celestials or Elemental Beasts from the Beast World.

As it was stated earlier, the time difference in between the original worlds of these invaders and this one was big, it would take some time before new troops were sent here, as they cataloged Earth as a lesser world without much worthy to take, so sending a few units casually was their plan.

The World's Core, or well, Gaia, felt relieved now that she could relax a little bit. The powerful beings whose presences emanated immense pressures were mostly suppressed… Well, aside from the large Demon Tower, the Demon Army, and the mysterious entity beyond the crack in the sky, whose tentacle was slowly absorbing energy from the planet.

Now that the Slarkobs and the Celestials were out of the picture, the best thing to do was to clean the world from all the small fry and then, when Gustav was to get ready, to use his powers and the Skill of Planet's Guardian to suppress this giant tentacle and close the crack in space forcefully. The entity beyond the crack seemed absurdly powerful, so attacking it wasn't an option. But at the very least, closing the sky crack would work.

"Sigh… Although there are still a few problems, without these three main armies, I feel real… Way more relieved," sighed Gaia.

She slowly began to close the cracks that led to the Celestial World and the Slarkob World. Although Gustav might not like that because he wouldn't be able to easily access these worlds without these rifts, it was better for the planet for these to be closed, as they could delay the invasion of new groups of such entities.

Interestingly enough, most of the Aliens, Elemental Beasts, and Celestials emerged near North America, Canada, and Alaska, although some of the monster's domains and dungeons had spread all across America and the other continents, the farther away they were from them, the lesser was the influence. Although large quantities of people died here, the rest of the world was battling better, and a large number of people was still alive, at the very least, casualties were less than a million.

The World's Core also noticed that such people in these places far away from North America, due to having a better time to adapt and also as they didn't encounter with the final bosses right away, had begun to utilize the Soul Records accordingly, and so, they were leveling up, Gaining Skills, and more.

Humanity perhaps had a chance!

It was now on Gustav's hands to lead the rest of the planet's humanity into this turbulent apocalypse.

Would a former Neet Web Novelist really do all of this? Many would probably doubt it.

Even Gustav did.

And to be honest, he really wouldn't like to do that, but he had a duty… So in the end, he had to do anything he could, for now, to help the people, even if he didn't like it that much. After all, this was the planet he was born on, what kind of self-destructive fool would neglect to save and helping it?

Also, Gaia was very nice to him and helped him grow stronger, and gave him many new possibilities and abilities, so he felt indebted to the planet's goodwill.

He was also, apparently, the only Player who had received a System Ticket in this world, no, probably in this whole galaxy or universe, or dimension… And as a Player whose ability to grow incredibly strong incredibly quickly was present, he had to work hard to fulfill such a purpose.

Or well, the purpose he had given to himself.

In the end, Gustav was already becoming the savior of humanity without actually wanting to, but this is how it ended… Defeating the Celestials and the Slarkobs, and killing almost all of them except a few little aliens which he tamed as if they were monsters… He had already done an amazing feat.

And it has only been… Around five days since the apocalypse began!

He really did all of this in such a short amount of time… It was quite baffling.

Well, due to the time he spent inside his Inner World, it felt more like almost a month due to the time difference. But for the outside world, it was almost a week!

Gustav didn't even give proper time to these invaders to spread across the globe as he abused every cheat he had and grew to a ridiculous speed. Finally defeating these invaders and managing to save the world.

If the Celestials and Slarkobs had spread across the globe, humanity might have actually perished. Their power, after all, was way too vast…

Although Gaia felt bad to compare things like this, as she was admitting that it was good that the Celestials and the rest only did chaos in the north region of America, she decided that there was no helping it…

For now, she felt so nice after closing the gates of the Celestials and the rest that she felt like taking a relaxing nap for once.

But she couldn't, not at all! There were still many things to do for now, and she needed to assist Gustav in anything she could do.

To her, the greatest treasure of her life was the planet and the life on it… She couldn't slack off, even against the odds, she needed to work hard, as hard as she could.

She continued to pour energy into the world, trying to close more and more dimensional rifts…

"Phew… This will take a while…" she sighed.

Meanwhile, Gustav was about to finally find more surviving humans, at long last!

------

Please make sure to check out my other novels, I am sure that you will like them!

M y W o r l d T r a v e l i n g S y s t e m: The Harbinger of Death: A Story about a young man who is suddenly struck by li ghtning while sleeping with his phone, w hich awakened his ability and the World Traveling Sy stem!

D e m o n Q u e e n R e b i r t h: I Reincarnated as a Living Armor?!: A Story about a De mon Queen who lost everything, in t he last battle, her soul w as split in half and s he was reincarnated twice in her third life.

E p i c o f C a t e r p i l l a r: A Story about a mysterious man who died of a fever and reincarnated as a Caterpillar in the middle of a for est infested with monsters! He w ill have to so mehow survive as a Caterpil lar in t his world filled wit h cha os.

V a m p i r e O v e r l o r d S y s t e m i n t h e A p o c a l y p s e: The Story of a young and bullied man born in an apocalyptic world, who is given the chance to become a Vampire and dominate this world as he pleases with a malicious and scheming mind!

E p i c o f I c e D r a g o n : Reborn as an Ice Dragon with a System : The St ory of a young adult man who died buried in an ava lanche and was s uddenly given wishes based on his last desires, suddenly reinca rnating in a N orse mytho logy-inspired cultivation world as an Ic e Dragon wit h a System!

E p i c o f V a m p i r e D r a g o n : R e b o r n a s a V a m p i r e D r a g o n w i t h a S y s t e m: The Story of a boy born with strange and myster ious powers who was held ca ptive and u sed as a guinea pig through his entire life, unt il the day he died and suddenly re incarnated as a Vampire Drag on Chi mera in a completely differ ent wor ld, create d by an insane Elder Li ch that claims to b e his f ather !

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 139 - Rescuing People Withtout Stopping


-----

With the large Mothership behind him and several Ghost Spaceships around him, Gustav finally arrived at a large city… This city in ruins was actually New York.

Most of the city itself was ruined, there was not a single soul wandering around, and it made Gustav felt inherently concerned about the destruction that has happened.

Mostly, he felt aloof about all of this at the beginning, but now, as he saw all of this ruin, all these patches of blood, corpses, and more below the buildings, he couldn't help but feel quite bad.

Would he have made a difference if he didn't run away? Could he have helped these people?

He thought that maybe…

No.

He wouldn't have been able to.

It wouldn't have given him time to grind and level up, to gain all these skills in time.

If he had remained here in the middle of this chaos, he would have gotten caught on all of this and would have died miserably.

It was hurtful to think about it, but by escaping the city and letting many die, he was able to grow strong enough to avenge them all… And save Earth. At least temporarily… for a little bit of time.

Gustav clenched his fists, as he detected around a few thousand people living in the underground, they had somehow survived through this entire hell by hiding like rats in the sewers.

His thought process had changed a lot in these last days. But it all has been due to the rollercoaster of events, battles, and more.

Using his power as a System Administrator and also with the assistance of Gaia, Gustav managed to generate a Message through the System of all the people in here. The system was simple.

[It is safe out there, please come out so we can protect you]

Of course, it looked suspicious… But this was the System, this strange power all people had now, many knew that it helped them, and it hasn't ever negatively affected them. It was a power that allowed them to grow stronger after all.

"Do you think that will work?" asked Gaia.

"Well, being straightforward is never a bad thing…" said Gustav.

After a few minutes, Gustav finally spotted the first group of people, as he descended down and helped them, introducing himself as a human-like them, who had finally managed to defeat the invaders.

Of course, some people complained, some said that why didn't he came earlier, and why did he have to take so long to come, and many other very similar complaints, but Gustav ignored them as he let them inside his Inner World.

He slowly began to find more and more people that rushed to the surface, and some people that went to check above led him underground where he gathered even more people.

After an entire day, he had gathered almost every single person there was left. And they were a lot… Well, not many compared to the actual population of a big city such as New York, but still a large group of people, after all, there were over two thousand people inside his Inner World.

Thankfully, the Inner World had grown bigger each time he increased his Existence Realm, and Anabelle had continued to divide herself into more and more habitable homes. Just now, she had been absorbing and assimilating most of the ruins around the entire city, reforming concrete streets, houses, and more across the Inner World.

The people, of course, although happy, were still devastated by everything that happened, many were depressed, a lot of people had lost their entire families, they were all dispirited and not unified.

But Gustav noticed that there was still some blaze within their hearts, he noticed that there was still some life within all these people's eyes, that they would slowly progress and move forward.

It was going to be hard to support this many people, as Gustav had to think about many things, even more supervising them so they don't begin killing each other, robing each other, and so on.

He asked for Annabelle and the Monster's help, leaving much Undead as guards, while also leaving Annabelle herself who was divided and present all over these newly made cities, so she could actually intervene whenever she saw something wrong going on…

After all of this was done, Gustav moved around the city taking anything he could, he let several divided bodies of Annabelle constantly grabbing more and more debris to remake a new and bigger city, while he also took any food he could find, although the supermarkets were destroyed, there were still some that had things inside, so he took anything he could find, in the end, he ended with quite a bit amount of canned food.

After another day of working hard, things were finally done, and Gustav decided to continue moving across the affected territory for some time, rescuing anyone he found, which were very few, and visiting any city.

Gustav seemed to never take a break, he was relentlessly working, without stopping, he ignored most of the large Dungeons and other stuff, even the giant waves of monsters, which he left for later grinding, and concentrated on rescuing anyone else he could find.

After a week of nonstop traveling through North America, Canada, and Alaska, Gustav managed to save a few more thousand people…

But millions died. These people were perhaps the very last remnants.

In the end, Gustav managed to gather around 6 thousand people, all of such people were being currently taught many things about the system by Javier and his group, with the assistance of Gustav's summons.

People were beginning to get a bit more knowledgeable about how things were now, and they were beginning to learn that they would have to work hard from now on.

When Gustav was done, he was already planning to go to South America and then the other continents, without even caring about his exhaustion or his wellbeing.

"Master, please take a break!"

Kireina protested against Gustav's idea of rushing right away to South America.

"But… I have…"

"Please rest for a bit…" sighed Katrina.

"I agree, you must rest, no buts," said Anna.

"Guardian, you've worked very hard, and I am very happy to have someone as diligent and goodhearted with me… But please, rest a little bit," said Gaia.

Gustav realized that he hasn't even taken a break ever since he defeated the Celestial King or the Slarkob Leader…

"Right… Thank you for your concern."

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 140 - Relaxing


-----

After yesterday's big battle, I ended doing a lot of things, more than I would have expected, and saved as many people as I could find.

It wasn't because I feel like a hero or something, I just wanted to do it. I am rather selfish, so I often do whatever I want, and then, I did what I wanted to do.

But maybe I went a bit too overboard there… Haha…

When I woke up after getting into my Inner World, I felt revitalized.

My entire body was overflowing with energy, and I couldn't feel any stronger than now.

After leveling so much, my stats increased to insane amounts, and my soul became even stronger after I ate the Celestial King. I decided to check my stats.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [76]

[Gold: [234.569]

[Hero Feathers: [152.742]

[Hero Fragments: [28.200]

[Job: [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid]

[Skill Points: [221.315]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: 6/9 (Middle Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Grand Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Realm (Middle Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Creation Realm (Peak Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [100/120] – [120/120]

[Vitality: [960.000/960.000] [Growth Per Level: 13.000]

[Mana: [1.270.000/1.270.000] [Growth Per Level: 15.000]

[Strength: [870.000] [Growth Per Level: 12.000]

[Magic: [1.060.000] [Growth Per Level: 15.000]

[Dexterity: [760.000] [Growth Per Level 11.000]

…

I stretched my body after waking up, where I found Kireina and Karina at my sides sleeping peacefully, as I noticed that my stats had skyrocketed a lot. Twenty levels worth of stats is indeed quite insane…

I now had over a million Mana, and I could clearly feel it through my entire body, alongside all my other stats. My strength was at 800k and more, which was also quite amazing…

I have gotten a long way since the first days, that's for sure, this is quite the insanely fast-paced progression…

Now, time to go has breakfast.

After I went to the bathroom, I woke up Kireina and Katrina by gently squeezing their butts… I've always wanted to do this.

The two woke up as if they were surprised.

"Uwah! W-What… Master!" said Kireina.

"Was it needed to squeeze my butt?" sighed Katrina.

"Ah, sorry… It's just that both of you were… They were… well, right there! I had to do it, you left me no option," I said.

"Fufu… Master, do you want some morning fun before breakfast~?" asked Kireina.

"Well, might as well drain him out of that vitality…" said Katrina, licking her lips.

And then, the two grabbed me and threw me into bed… The intensity of their passion was clear, but it has been some time since the last time we did it, so I went full-on this while using several Skills I had, augmenting my libido, and dominating both of them on bed…

Only to be overpowered at the end, and drained out of my energy…

"Hahh… T-That was a bit too much… We spent almost five hours doing it…" I sighed.

"Fufu, you started it, Master!" said Kireina.

"Indeed, should have held responsibility! Slurp~" said Katrina, as she finished sucking my rod, and drinking my last load.

That felt way too good.

Sex with half-succubus ladies is both refreshing and draining, it is a hard thing to explain.

After that, I slowly recovered as we went to take a bath, where we ended doing it again several times, and we delayed the breakfast for about one hour and a half…

But at long last, we went downstairs.

"Oh, master is finally awake," said Ervas, he was playing video games with Vudia.

"Papa!" Vudia rushed to my side, as I greeted her with a hug, she's a very sweet girl.

"Were you waiting for me?" I asked.

"yeah! Let's eat! I am hungry!" said Vudia, as we sat down around the table. Anna was there as well, as she greeted me happily.

"You're finally awake Master, you over exceeded yourself yesterday... So please, take a little rest for now," she said.

"Alright, alright, I will, sit at my side now so we can enjoy some food," I sighed.

"I am cooking!" said Kireina.

"Me too, let's refill Master with the vitality we drained from him," said Katrina.

"Oh, in that case, I also wanna join, I want to learn how to cook some more," said Anna.

As I sat down and drank some tea to wait for the food to get ready, Wagyu and Aqua rushed inside the house.

"That one big monster was quite delicious!" said Aqua.

"Yeah, but don't get too overconfident, Aqua, you're way too reckless sometimes," said Wagyu.

"Says the wolf that jumps right into the fray!" said Aqua.

"Ah! Master is awake," said Wagyu.

"Masteeer!"

Aqua jumped over me as she used her slimy body to entangle my body…

"Ugh, how are you two doing? And what monster are you talking about?" I asked.

"Oh! Didn't you know? Monsters are appearing from a strange place that appeared here. I think they call it a Dungeon or something!" said Aqua.

"Wait, what?!"

After some explanations, it seems that while I was saving people, the Inner World became bigger and bigger due to my exponential growth in strength, now it wasn't an island but almost a whole floating continent. To boot, there were three new Dungeons, that popped out of thin air.

They are no system functions or anything, but merely part of the Inner World Function.

These Dungeons harbor monsters that drop items, and are generally weak, but the dungeons are slowly growing deeper, where bigger and stronger monsters roam.

The good thing is that the monsters never leave the dungeon, so the people that don't get inside are safe…

Interesting…

"Gaia, do you know why they appeared?" I asked.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 141 - Various Explanations


-----

After waking up, I find myself with the news about actual Dungeons popping up inside of my Inner World without my permission! Who did this?

Well, I guess no one did it, it is probably a natural occurrence?

Or is it? Why would there be such an occurrence inside my Inner World?

I would assume that it is because it has been growing bigger, but still…

That's why I asked Gaia about it.

"Well, it seems to be related to you. You've grown so strong it seems the Inner World has also grown as big and stronger. Your system is connected to your soul, the more you progress, the stronger your soul grows, and therefore, the inner world, which is part of the system, will also grow. It is all interconnected…" said Gaia, emerging as a little planet Earth.

"I see… Wait! That doesn't explain anything though!" I said.

"O-Oh… Well, the Dungeons seem to have emerged as part of the development and growth of the Inner World. I don't know the exact details about it, but it might seem as if your own Mana has infested this clear world and the Dungeons popped up due to that. Fear not, they are below the System jurisdiction, so you can actually manage them and control them, no monsters will come out to attack people," said Gaia.

"I see- Wait, so there's a Dungeon System?" I asked.

"Quite so… There should be a Dungeon Status for all three of the Dungeons, but I've been administrating it for you. Do you want to see all three of them?" she asked.

"Sure thing," I said.

Gaia then showed me three different Dungeon Status, similarly to the Inner World Status. They showed off the Dungeon's Quality, Monsters list, and more. And there was even the function of Administrating Dungeon Points to summon more monsters from the dungeon, upgrade it, and more…

There's a thing called Dungeon Resource Gathering, which gives me daily Gold, Hero Feathers, and Hero Fragments by merely existing. It seems that the more the Dungeons grow and the more the people enter and kill monsters inside, the more resources I farm for myself, this also comes with equipment and more, although most of it is very low quality, just like the monsters low rarity and danger levels, these boys won't give me a dime of EXP… After killing the Celestial King I need to kill gods to level up now or something…

It seems to be similar to the automatic earning of resources through the Annexed Lands, which is pretty handy. The more Dungeons are created, the more I can make! Until I become rich!

However, the limit is three dungeons for now.

The people here had been adapting quite quickly, I suppose the traumas they experienced had forced them to, many are getting used to killing monsters, dismantling them for materials, and also picking their loot. Many had begun to Level Up as well.

The Soul Record System created by Earth applies to all humans, so all of them can Level Up and Learn Skills through Ability Spheres or by learning them themselves. Although they don't have the Job System I do, that seems to be part of my own System.

They also don't have a level cap like me and my summons or monsters, so they can level up indefinitely without the need for resources, but that doesn't mean they will out level me, especially seeing how these monsters are low level and how hard is for them to slowly level up and kill monsters.

I leveled up to my level after killing thousands, many armies, and even Pseudo Demigods like the Celestials, so we leveled up so fast and frenetically due to this reason. Other people are mostly killing up to twenty monsters a day, and without varying difficulties, they are advancing not at a slow pace, but not fast either.

But that's honestly good enough, I don't think many people can level up as frantically fast as I did…

Aside from that, I have informed my Farm Leveled up and its quality increased a lot, also, a lot more of farmable land emerged, like double the original plot of land, so I quickly went to plant new vegetables and fruits there, there were new things in the shop, such as Blaze Chili Peppers, Cloud Watermelons, and Celestial Rice, all of them being D-Rank in quality, these new magical fruit and veggies were ideal for us, so we planted all of them after spending a few Gold coins, and we also used the new high-quality soil available.

It was so hot I took out my shirt while doing, as my two wives were preparing breakfast, Anna peeked at me as she and the other summons were aiding me.

"Do you see something you like?" I asked teasingly.

"Ah! N-No! I was looking at the watermelons, my lord… Hehe…" Anna muttered as she seemed nervous, sweating all over.

Aqua was more direct, however.

"Wow! Master, you got such a nice six-pack! Can I touch it?" she asked, smiling innocently.

"Papa, can I too?" asked Vudia.

"Erm, sure?" I said, as the two girls began to touch my stomach, I don't know what was so special over it other than being muscular, but the two girls knocked it as if it were made of stone and other stuff.

"Anna, you were looking at it, want to touch it too?" I asked.

"Ah! I-I… Okay…"

She approached me as she started to massage my stomach rather seductively… And she ended touching my chest and even rosing my nipples. Her face seemed red like a tomato, and her eyes were spiraling as if she was going crazy.

"S-Such a beautiful body, Master!" she said, as she smiled rather embarrassedly.

Suddenly, I felt a chill run through my spine as a shadow figure emerged…

"Oh, Anna-chan, do you like to touch Master~?" she asked.

"K-Kireina! It is not what it seems to be!" cried Anna, quickly moving away.

"Fufu… Of course! I know it is not what it seems to be, that's why I am not doing anything…" said Kireina.

"Sigh… Can you chill for a bit?" I sighed.

After that, we ended enjoying breakfast, as I considered changing Jobs.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 142 - New And Powerful Job


-----

Changing Jobs! The power of my System lets me use resources to acquire a Job, and enhance my stats, gain new skills, and more.

It is a wonderful ability that no other being seems to have, not even other Humans.

My servants can Rank Up through reaching level cap, but it is not really like changing jobs, while Tamed Monsters do the same, Ranking Up and evolving, gaining new and different forms and shapes. They sometimes unlock or acquire new Skills too, but it is not as broken as Jobs!

Jobs not only bring Skills but also some kind of passive effect, sometimes they passively and permanently enhance something, such as fire attribute damage, resistance, and more. Other times, it could be damage dealt using spears, or other times, reducing mana cost per skill or magic.

Without my Job Changes and the powerful effects and Skills they brought, alongside enhancement to stat growth and stats, I don't think I would have been able to advance as quickly as I did, and I doubt I would have stood a chance against the deadly Celestial King, that one bastard was a tough nut to crack.

Seeing at my Jobs, I've already changed into a lot…

…

Job: [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid]

…

There are… eleven! Eleven Jobs… That's definitely a lot.

If it wasn't for their amazing aid at my growth in power, I wouldn't have been able to gain so many useful powers or allies, such as the Necrotic Sorcerer giving me the ability to use Necromancy and therefore bring Annabelle to "life" alongside the helpful Wisp and my main army, which is composed of the corpses of the monsters I kill.

And well, the last Jobs I took were completely crazy as well, each one giving me more and more bonuses and amazing Skills, each one aided me in battle, and the combination of all of them helped me pull out a victory… without them, my army wouldn't have been as strong.

Even a Goblin Zombie was being strong after stacking a few Elemental Spiritual Beasts on it… Oh, come to think about it, most of the main Undead Army Ranked Up, they are so many that each time they do, a large chunk of gold and hero feathers is lost. But now that I am getting more and more passive income, this doesn't seem to be too much of an issue, hopefully.

Anyways, enough babbler, time to step up and pick a new Job.

Let's see…

[Available Jobs]

[Celestial Elemental Divine Spiritual Beast Summoner King]

[Divine Celestial Infernal Phoenix Spear Emperor]

[Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King]

…

Oh! These three Jobs look insane.

What do I do? What insane Job do I pick now?

Damn… This is a difficult decision to take, all three of them do look amazing.

After inspecting them, it seems that the first one obviously enhances my ability to summon elemental spiritual beasts, now making them "divine" in nature. It is a Job that fuses previous Jobs, and it also emphasizes my power as a Summoner.

The second Job seems to be a fusion of my previous Divine Fire-related Job, alongside the addition of the Spiritual Beast Summoning and… the Divine Spear Warrior. Interesting… this one might merge these powers and make them into something truly amazing.

And the third Job is the most unrelated to my previous Job Changes, it seems that it helps me in widening my ability of Necromancy, and even as a Warlock, who is capable of summoning otherworldly beings' power, so it is also a type of summoner. Actually, Necromancers too, I guess.

Maybe I should pick the Necromancer Job because I haven't picked one in a while.

I am sure that if I pick it, the passive boost will increase the power, talent, and growth of my Undead, which are a big filler of my main army, the unnamed Undead deserve their boost.

Due to that, I picked up this Job.

Ding!

[Do you wish to exchange 150.000 Gold, 70.000 Hero Feathers, and 70.000 Skill Points to change Jobs into [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King]?]

Oof, that's a big price, but I can manage.

I pressed "yes" as I immediately changed Jobs and my resources flew away from me in an instant.

Ding!

[You exchanged 150.000 Gold, 70.000 Hero Feathers, and 70.000 Skill Points!]

[You changed Jobs into [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King]!]

[Stockpiled EXP earned]

[Your Level has increased to Level 128!]

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [76]

[Gold: [84.569]

[Hero Feathers: [82.742]

[Hero Fragments: [28.200]

[Job: [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]

[Skill Points: [151.315]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: 8/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Grand Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Enhancement Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Nourishment Realm (Middle Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [120/140] -> [128/140]

[Vitality: [1.350.000/1.350.000] [Growth Per Level: 16.000]

[Mana: [1.970.000/1.970.000] [Growth Per Level: 18.000]

[Strength: [1.200.000] [Growth Per Level: 15.000]

[Magic: [1.760.000] [Growth Per Level: 18.000]

[Dexterity: [1.120.000] [Growth Per Level 14.000]

…

And with that, my level increased eight times from stockpiled EXP, and my stats increased once more to ridiculous levels, now all of them were over a million, I was really growing into a formidable game character.

And to boot, my entire body was overflowing with dark and phantasmal energies… new skills were also coming right up!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 143 - New Necromancer Skills!


-----

As I changed jobs I felt a rush of new power surging through my entire body, this new power was not like the previous ones from other Job Changes, as it contained Death and Phantom Attributes… This overflowing energy was the power that a Necromancer Job would give!

I had taken two necromancer-like jobs before, and each time I took them, they would give me a wave of Death and Phantom type energy, the same as other Jobs, related to their respective elements, would shower me with a certain attribute of power.

I channeled these overflowing energies as I settled down, after having absorbed all of that power, I checked my stats and saw that they had skyrocketed a lot, alongside stat growth as well.

And aside from that…

Ding!

[You learned the [Abyssal Dark Necromancer Lich (SSS)] and [Abyssal Phantasmal Death Spirit Summon (SSS)] Skills!]

I got two new Skills to boot. Both seemed to be packed with new necrotic power, so I quickly checked them without waiting a single second…

…

[Abyssal Dark Necromancer Lich (SSS)]

Grants the ability to be like an ancient Lich whose power over necromancy had surpassed common sense.

Your ability to summon Undead, Raise Undead and Tame Undead is enhanced, and you acquire the power to enhance your Undead by releasing a large amount of abyssal dark smoke, which the Undead can absorb to enhance their parameters by 50%.

Additionally, grants the ability to summon the [Elder Lich Necromancer] as a supplementary Summon, which can aid you in the ability to summon and raise more Undead for you.

…

[Abyssal Phantasmal Death Spirit Summon (SSS)]

Through your ability as a Summoner and a Necromancer, you acquire the ability to gather the Souls and Undead you've already captured or raised and use them to summon Abyssal Phantasmal Death Spirits, which have varied shapes and can be used to deal great damage against foes by materializing or even being able to possess foes bodies and force them to fight against their comrades, or even infuse them into already existing Undead to enhance their parameters by 10% with a maximum stack of 50%. Abyssal Phantasmal Death Spirits can be used to raise True Undead as well, whose power will be augmented.

…

The Skills in front of me really left me quite amazed, they were perfect to supplement my other Skills through the power of Necromancy. It seems that now every Job has sprinkled the power of a Summoner, so I suppose I never stopped to be one. Additionally, from Elemental Beast Spirits, my Beast Orb Beast Spirit, and the Divine Fire Spirits, we got the new addition of Abyssal Phantasmal Death Spirits to the mix, with their own unique features such as the power to possess foes, scare them to almost death, inflict negative status, and more.

Even more, the other Skill let me summon Undead with enough Mana, to summon a Lich to do it for me, and to also enhance all my Undead Summons through a powerful black smoke that they can inhale to enhance their parameters temporarily…

And if that wasn't enough, these new Phantasmal Death Spirits can be used to create new Undead through Summon, which will be even stronger than the conventional Undead I can raise from corpses…

After having eaten, I couldn't wait to use this, so I rushed outside my house and flew into the Graveyard, where a lot of my Undead were stationed.

When I reached the area, there were thousands of Undead simply standing there without doing anything, these were all types of beasts, and even Slarkobs and some Celestials mixed into the army.

The Celestials had very essence-rich corpses, which I had considered just eating, but as someone that doesn't get Skills by eating, they are more like just useless, I guess. Maybe I could repurpose them for materials to craft or do alchemy, but usually, dropped items do the trick. However, I still saved a large pile of their corpses in the Inventory, just because. Maybe I will use these materials in the future or something.

The rest, including the Celestial King, were raised into Undead. Although they all looked gruesome, they were still formidable Undead.

I quickly decided to use them all to create the new Phantasmal Death Spirits, which I quickly started to then transform into the new Abyssal Dark Undead.

I raised my hand into the sky and smiled wickedly, as the Undead slowly began to be absorbed into a large magic circle that magically emerged in the ground, each one was sucked inside and then slowly converted into Phantasmal Death Spirits of their similar appearances.

After that, I asked for the aid of the Elder Lich Necromancer, who could use these two Skills of me, to use these Spirits as "materials" to summon the new Abyssal Dark Undead.

The result? A large army of renewed and super boosted Undead began to emerge, all of them emanating powerful phantasmal auras, some of them even carried black armor right off the bat, and their eyes glowed with phantom flames… the Humanoid-like ones, probably made from the corpses of the Celestials, were overflowing with the most power, and carried large black and dark blue weapons reminiscing of their divine weapons… the Celestial King was there, I was able to easily recognize his detestable old man face, but now he was overflowing with the opposite energies he used against me.

The Elder Lich Necromancer glared at me as if wanting some praise.

"Okay, you did a good job," I said, as the Lich nodded and seemingly puffed his chest. He was perhaps quite arrogant…

After that, I asked the Lich to make them practice fighting against one another and to use the Phantom Smoke on them to see their full strength.

Their power was quite devastating, they began to release explosions right away, some of them blew themselves out, but the Lich revived them as Undead again if they broke apart. However, I told him to not encourage them this, as it cost a lot of Mana to bring them back.

I spent a few more hours watching the Undead, and after that, I decided to take the rest of the day off…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 144 - What's Left To Take Care Of


-----

Today after having breakfast, I gathered with the people residing inside my Inner World, it has been truly a while since I spoke with them, and I wanted to reintroduce myself and also speak a few other things.

I spoke to them about what could be done now, and I tried to inspire them a bit. The thing is, I suck at talking with crowds, but I guess I did my best.

I also spoke about the dungeons, and those new systems such as items shops, markets, and more were going to soon be made. (Mostly Annabelle and her thousands of clones will do it)

It was going to give more stability to the whole place and the economy that was being slowly made, while I also planned on letting the people make their own farms as well, although it would take some time.

Aside from that, I had spoken about the possibility of going out, which was pretty much not possible for most of these people. They were too weak to go out, it would literally be a suicide for them to get out of here…

However, those that were to grow as strong as Javier had the possibility of coming out alongside me in groups, so some of the people that wanted to give me a hand felt motivated to train and kill monsters to level up quicker.

And lastly, I promised everyone that I would do everything I possibly could to ultimately save Earth from its disasters, some way should be made, although not yet… But soon.

The plan was simple, I was going to start a cleanse of monsters and possibly of dungeons all around the world while trying to close the rifts.

However, the end game would be to ultimately grow strong enough that my Inner World space can fit the entire planet earth inside. That way there wouldn't be any more rifts in space occurring and the people could be finally safe…

But how long would that take me?!

I asked Gaia after the meeting.

"Approximately, and calculating accordingly to all the info I've gathered and whatever I can get from your System, you would need to reach the next Realm… As of now, you've become Pseudo Demi Deity of high Rank, but you require to reach Demi Deity… Or perhaps even higher, it would depend on the measures of the entire Inner World, but if it has increased to this point, it means that it might get big enough at that Realm," said Gaia.

"I see… At this point, is there anything that could give me some EXP?" I asked.

"Certainly, killing tens of thousands of these monsters roaming the world should at least give you a few levels… Although things such as the Celestial King might be rare… However, there seem to be stronger variants of entities amongst the Demons, a group of Invaders which you have not fought yet," said Gaia.

"The Demons… Are there any other invaders?"

"Demons are the most varied invader group, they have two large Dungeon-like structures across the entire world, these are cataloged as their spawn points, named Demon Towers, or Crimson Towers… Aside from these two towers at each side of the world, there is the Demon Gate Rift, which showers a certain area of the planet with Demonic Energy coming from that plane… Perhaps you could try to absorb it similarly to the Beast Ki and gain new power, although I am not too sure if it could work now that you've grown so strong," said Gaia.

"Two towers and that rift… I suppose those can be good places to grab a few powerups and levels… Anything else?" I asked.

"Hmm… The rest of the world seems to have just begun the awakening of small dungeons, stronger ones might arrive shortly, but there are mostly varied monsters from other worlds spread through the world and nature. Similar to the Poison Forest where you fought those Flesh Bugs before, there are over a hundred areas like those, but due to the low level of these monsters, they don't seem like a good incentive for your growth, isn't it? That's why I would recommend you send your troops towards these areas, while you concentrate on the areas that can offer some EXP… Without the Slarkobs and Celestials here, the world had become relatively better, and the Demons are inhabiting areas that are yet to be discovered by people, so there's still time," said Gaia.

"I see… I have wondered if I could get into their worlds at some point… Are their rifts still open? Maybe I could take a peek there…" I said.

"Ah… W-Well… I-I apologize for this, but I have closed them, guardian!" sighed Gaia.

"Eh?! You closed them?!" I asked.

"Yes, with a lot of energy and effort… but it might only be temporary until they open them again forcefully… It had to be done so this would delay their comeback… Sorry, but these rifts put a heavyweight over my entire being… After closing them, I felt way better," she said.

"So that's how it is… Well, you did it because you had to, right? I guess there's nothing wrong with that. I will have to just find another way to get there on its due time, but doing what I can, for now, is better. Maybe I can break through into Demi Deity through these Demons- Ah, but what about the giant tentacle?" I asked.

"Oh… That… The entity extending its tentacle into the planet's surface is incredibly strong, it seems to be a being of similar power to a Supreme Deity if not higher. It seems that it is trying to slowly absorb my energy and then… ultimately devour my core, but I do have a plan for it," said Gaia.

"You do?! That thing seems way out of my reach yet…" I said.

"Don't worry, guardian, you won't even need to fight it! After I regain enough energy by you defeating the monsters and demons, we can combine our strength and forcefully close the rift that leads to this entity, cutting off the tentacle in the process… maybe," said Gaia.

"I see… Well, we are still far from that," I said.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 145 - Quests Complete!


-----

After Gaia spoke to me about the many plans and information she knew about, she ended telling me about her plan on dealing with the giant tentacle, which was to not fight it at all but close the rift!

"But wouldn't that slice the tentacle?" I asked.

"Yeah!"

"…"

"…"

"Don't you realize the entity's power? I bet if we let the tentacle here, it might still retain some intelligence or life or something, if it goes in a rampage, it might destroy the world, wouldn't it?" I asked.

"Eh?! You're right… That's certainly a possibility I… didn't thought about, haha…" sighed Gaia.

"Wait, are you laughing?! This is a serious issue, planet's core!" I sighed.

"Yeah, yeah, I know! Don't get angry. I know what to do… You'll deal with it with the powers you'll have at that point, and… the planet guardian's superb skills that let you weaken your foes and enhance your power! You used it to defeat the Celestial King at the end, right? So it works!" said Gaia.

"I don't like that reckless side of you…" I said.

"Listen Guardian, sometimes, you have to take risks!" said Gaia.

"…I know, high risk high reward sort of deal? Now that I think about it… I wonder what items that giant tentacle could drop. Maybe something quite valuable, seeing how it is a living limb from a monster so strong…"

"Right? You have to think about that, and you'll feel all motivated!" laughed Gaia.

"I guess…"

At the end, I decided to check out my Tasks. After having killed so many monsters in the last battles, I think I completed them all, I also completed the daily quests and got a few orbs through the over a week worth of days I spent outside, which meant I got around 9 Orbs from it.

[MAIN TASKS]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 1600 Foes: [Random Item Box] x8, 20000 Gold, 20000 Hero Feathers, 10 Orbs] COMPLETE!

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 3200 Foes: [Random Item Box] x16, 40000 Gold, 40000 Hero Feathers, 20 Orbs] COMPLETE!

[Conquer an Otherworldly Dungeon: [Dungeon Master Crate] x1, 30000 Gold, 10000 Hero Feathers, 10 Orbs] COMPLETE!

And boom! I got a bunch of resources. And… Oh yeah, I conquered a Dungeon naturally. You see, the dungeons that emerge inside of my Inner World are automatically conquered, so this quest was completed automatically too.

Tasks don't give EXP though, only items and resources so- Oh, I got these items I haven't opened… the Reward Boxes and stuff.

I have already absorbed all the Gold Coins and other resources dropped by the mobs in the great war, and most of the drops were not as useful for me. Although I will work with Anna and fuse them over so I can use this fused equipment to enhance my main equipment.

This also includes using the Celestials bones, and also their own divine weapons and armor they used, which were of pretty high quality, if we use them as materials to enhance my equipment, it will enhance my equipment quality to higher realms… I hope.

Oh, and there's also absorbing the Soul Spheres and the Ability Spheres, so before opening the item boxes, I will absorb this pile of Soul Spheres, all mine!

There were hundreds of them glistening before me, Kireina and the rest of my summons brought them to me as the pile looked wondrous and shiny…

"Enjoy your meal, master!" said Kireina with a cute smile, as Katrina looked at me with her dead-serious stare at her side.

"Enjoy them," she said.

Haha… they're so different…

Anyways, I absorbed the Soul Spheres, as I saw my stats raising slowly!

FLAASH!

An aura of power surged from my entire body, the power that these spheres gave was amazing, even more those dropped by the Celestials, it was as if they had been made out of their divine essence… I think that my stats increased way more than I would have ever expected!

Ding!

[You've gained +210.000 Vitality, +250.000 Mana, +170.000 Strength, +140.000 Magic, and +120.000 Dexterity!]

Wow! That's really a lot of stats, are you sure this is legal, system?!

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [125]

[Gold: [174.569]

[Hero Feathers: [152.742]

[Hero Fragments: [28.200]

[Job: [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]

[Skill Points: [151.315]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: 8/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Grand Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Enhancement Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Nourishment Realm (Middle Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground]

[Level: [128/140]

[Vitality: [1.560.000/1.560.000] [Growth Per Level: 16.000]

[Mana: [2.220.000/2.220.000] [Growth Per Level: 18.000]

[Strength: [1.370.000] [Growth Per Level: 15.000]

[Magic: [1.900.000] [Growth Per Level: 18.000]

[Dexterity: [1.240.000] [Growth Per Level 14.000]

…

By taking a look at my stats, I can already tell this increase in stats were amazing! I feel revitalized, even… However, it wasn't enough to raise cultivation… Why is it?! Well, whatever.

I took the various Ability Spheres this time. There was a varied assortment of them this time around! The Abilities of the Celestials became Ability Spheres randomly, although they were extremely rare, we still secured a good dozen of them, the Celestial King actually dropped three, so I hastily absorbed them all to gain new Abilities.

Ding!

[You learned the following Skills]

[Celestial Divine Bones (SS)]

[Enhanced Divine Essence Muscles (SS)]

[Super Reinforced Impermeable Celestial Skin (SS)]

[Might of the Celestial Race (SS)]

[Inborn Divine Talent (SS)]

[Essence-Rich Divine Celestial Blood (SS)]

[Celestial Essence Gathering Breathing Technique (SS)]

[Celestial Divine Martial Arts (SS)]

[Celestial Divine Weapon Arts (SS)]

[Divine Celestial King's Aura of Brilliant Holy Light (SSS)]

[Tyrannical Might of the Celestial King (SSS)]

[Undying Regeneration of the Celestial King (SSS)]

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 146 - New Celestials Abilities


-----

After absorbing the Ability Spheres, I gained several Skills, many of them being related to the body or a body part, giving each of my body parts an "essence" of the Celestial's body, to an extent.

Celestials are incredibly strong living beings from a different world filled with amazing quantities of insane essence to the point that they grow into the power of a demigod by just growing older and naturally absorbing the essence. Due to this, their very bodies are unique by themselves, as they are naturally stronger than the majority of the mortals of other worlds.

It was like comparing Kryptonians to humans… Well, maybe Kryptonians were even more broken.

Now, I acquired several Skills that are enhanced by the body through each part of a Celestial… I don't know if they even had Skills themselves, but the system itself converts their properties into Skills, and it seems that their bodies were so amazing that they were deserving of becoming properties of a Skill each.

[Celestial Divine Bones (SS)] enhanced my bones and made them similar to those of Celestials, if not even stronger, it was as if my bones had become similar to an incredibly durable Legendary-Rank or higher material.

[Enhanced Divine Essence Muscles (SS)] enhanced my muscle strength to completely different levels, I could feel it within my very muscle fiber, each fiber had become as strong as Legendary-Rank materials… and they could easily store even more energy and pump up even more power.

[Super Reinforced Impermeable Celestial Skin (SS)] converted my skin into that of a Celestial, if not even better by the added Stats I have. This made it so my skin cannot be easily cut, and even if it is, it will regenerate at an insanely fast speed.

[Might of the Celestial Race (SS)] this was an activation Skill, whenever I fight using both magic or physical fighting, my damage dealt is enhanced by a flat 50%, while it increases by 1% with every consecutive attack, this is perhaps the ability that they had to grow stronger even in the middle of a battle, perhaps the reason why the Celestial King was such a hard fight.

[Inborn Divine Talent (SS)] this was an interesting Skill, it seems that every Celestial is born with an inborn divine talent for fighting, using magic, and growing stronger and adapting to several conditions through their bodies and minds, all such effects are now applied to me, so I become talented for anything related to fighting and growing stronger. It seems to also help me control celestial essence.

[Essence-Rich Divine Celestial Blood (SS)] this converted my blood into that of the Celestials, if not even better. The blood of Celestials is an incredibly valuable material, it is filled with amazing energy-storing power, and it can even let me duplicate my total energy storage by storing any unused energy over time. It seems to also be rich in nutrients and Veronica and Katrina will most likely enjoy it.

[Celestial Essence Gathering Breathing Technique (SS)] this was a technique that the Celestials learned naturally by merely growing and breathing in their world. Through it, they are capable of breathing and controlling the essences of the world they lived in or any world where they might land, easily using such energies naturally to enhance the physique of their bodies.

[Celestial Divine Martial Arts (SS)] a basic martial arts technique taught to the Celestials soldiers, it is simple yet deadly, and it serves as a good way to use celestial essence in fighting, an essence that I had begun to develop, similar to Beast Ki on its different components compared to Mana. However, it is added into Mana Stat anyways.

[Celestial Divine Weapon Arts (SS)] the same thing as the previous Skill, but this time it is in the use of all types of divine weapons. Usually, Celestials learn to naturally use their divine weapons which were the materializations of their divine power as they grow up, each Celestial seems to awaken a weapon at a young age, so they practice it through their entire lives.

[Divine Celestial King's Aura of Brilliant Holy Light (SSS)] This was the power of the Celestial King. It seems that Celestial Kings are obviously different than the Celestial Soldiers, their power level was way higher, and they were even more monstrous. Now imagine an army of them… I am already guessing that it will be the case.

Nonetheless, the Celestial King's power was something that really put me into some difficult situations, the battle we had was rather catastrophic. This power of his was used to super recharge himself with divine light energy, enough for him to release powerful shockwaves that easily destroyed anything I could throw at him… And now, such power is mine.

[Tyrannical Might of the Celestial King (SSS)] similar to the [Might of the Celestial Race (SS)] Skill, but with even higher numbers and percentages of increase in damage dealt, with the addition of slowly decreasing the defense of a foe that you successfully hit with your attacks… really a broken skill, this ability was what made this bastard so absurdly resilient too.

[Undying Regeneration of the Celestial King (SSS)] the last yet one of the most powerful Skills, this ability allowed the Celestial King to take a spear into the head, right inside of his brain, and be completely okay with it. It also helped him have a giant hole in the middle of his chest, and be completely okay with it, and even when I burnt him to almost a crisp, he was completely okay with that… God, this bastard was really a pain.

I really had to go all out with him, and even then, I had to use my trump card to finally defeat him because his regeneration was even crazier than a Vampire. If all Celestial Kings will be like this one bastard, then they will be a pain to deal with in armies, I would have to take them down one by one individually.

Well, for now, that's not the case, I still got some things to do yet, so I will have to wait before I even get to their world.

And now, time to open some loot.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 147 - Opening Random Item Boxes!


-----

Now that I was done checking up my new Skills, I decided to check my loot. Yes, the item boxes I have been accumulating this time from the Quest rewards, I have been saving them to open them all in a single row!

Now, time to see what I can get.

The items in particular are:

[Random Item Box] x30

[Premium Random Item Box] x4

[Dungeon Master Crate] x1

The one I am wondering the most what is the Dungeon Master Crate, but I decided to open them in order, the same order shown above.

So, it will be first the 30 Random Item Boxes, then the four Premium Random Item Boxes, and then the single Dungeon Master Crate!

Now…

Ding!

[Do you wish to open the following items?]

[Random Item Box] x30

[Premium Random Item Box] x4

[Dungeon Master Crate] x1

<Yes> <No>

Of course, yes!

I quickly tap the <Yes> button and all 35 of the items begin to shine above the ground, exploding into bright light as new and relucent items started to emerge one by one, a wondrous sight to behold…

Ding!

[You've received the following Items]

[Random Skill Scroll (A-Grade)] x5

[Discount Gacha Ticket (50%) (C-Grade)] x4

[X4 EXP Ticket (12 Hours) (SS-Grade)] x3

[X2 EXP Ticket (12 Hours) (S-Grade)] x4

[All Daily Dungeon Entrance Ticket (Hell/Infernal Difficulty) (SSS-Grade)] x5

[Premium Tamed Monster Evolution Elixir (SSS-Grade)] x4

[Premium Gacha Ticket (Guaranteed 5 Star) (SSS-Grade)] x2

[Divine Summon Star Elixir (SSS-Grade)] x3

[5 Star Summon Selection Gacha Ticket (Mythical-Grade)] x1

[Special Gacha Banner Ticket (Halloween Harvest) (Mythical-Grade)] x1

[X10 EXP Ticket (6 Hours) (Mythical Grade)] x1

[Random Legendary Skill Scroll (Legendary-Grade)] x1

[Dungeon Heart Core (Legendary-Grade)] x1

…

What is this luck?!

So many high-grade items! What the heck happened here?!

"Guardian, don't panic… remember that you've siphoned the luck of the Celestials the other day, that luck was still within you in an enormous golden cloud, although you've used around 50% of it with this… I can see that you've gotten a lot of useful items that will boost your growth and that of your allies," said Gaia.

"Like hell, it will be! And… so that was it… I had completely forgotten that I had so much luck accumulated… Wait, this means that I cannot store luck and it will urn out through events that require heavy luck such as these? Is it the same for Gacha?" I asked.

"I think so, but you can also choose not to use your Luck in the gacha, similarly than in this event, but I had forgotten to tell you, so you used it unknowingly… I apologize for my incompetence," sighed Gaia.

"I see. Well, I will try to not overuse it, it would be better to save it for situations of life and death where luck can help me out… I hate to rely on it, but it does seem to be a nice way to fight. I suppose that siphoning the luck of the Celestial King was one of the things that let me defeat him even against the odds," I said.

"Quite so, although the power I gifted you did some work as well!" said Gaia proudly.

"Yeah, yours too," I said.

Now… What do I do with these items?

There's a lot of Gacha Tickets… Maybe I should get to summon at long last.

There are also Skill Scrolls, which seem to give a random Skill…

And then there is the… Dungeon Heart Core?

What's that?

[Dungeon Heart Core (Legendary-Grade)] x1

Grants the ability to create a Legendary-Grade Dungeon by planting the Dungeon Heart Core somewhere and letting it rest for some time. The dungeon will naturally draw the power from the environment, be it miasma, mana, or other essences, and utilize them to convert them into treasures, traps, more rooms, and monsters. The Dungeon Master can utilize the Dungeon Points earned this way to do this task manually.

…

I see, so it is a Dungeon Core that creates a dungeon as if it were a seed and the dungeon the plant sort of deal. There are already three Dungeons here so- Wait, but this one is… Legendary Grade?!

"Gaia, what Grade are the other dungeons in here?" I asked.

"The highest Grade Dungeon here is B-Grade," said Gaia.

B-Grade?! This means that this Dungeon… Legendary Grade is two steps above SSS-Grade!

So this Dungeon… Would actually be fitting for my current strength! And it could also grow with me we keep a similar pace…

Oi, isn't that way better than these trashy dungeons?

"Can Dungeons increase in Rank?" I asked.

"I believe so, but it takes a long time, also, Dungeons have Talents similar to people. These Dungeons in here are all F-Grade in talent and therefore will grow incredibly slowly unless you infuse enormous quantities of energy into them, which I don't recommend… Oh, are you planning on planting a Dungeon? Is that Dungeon Hear- Eh?! Ah! It is a Legendary-Grade! How did it slip off my grasp?" wondered Gaia.

"Hehe… I was just ignoring these trashy dungeons, but if I can set up a Legendary-Grade Dungeon right off the bat then… I could quite possibly get a viable place where I can tame new and strong monsters, get EXP continuously, and items!" I said.

"T-That's right!" said Gaia.

"Oh? What's wrong, master?" asked Kireina who was nearby.

"He seems excited. Are you hyped?" asked Katrina.

"I am! Girls, look at this!" I said, showing them the Dungeon Core.

"An orb?" asked Kireina.

"It is an orb, indeed. Master, have you gone insane?" asked Katrina.

"Ah, you can't see item information? Well, this thing is a Heart Dungeon Core! It will help us plant a Legendary-Grade Dungeon!" I said.

"Legendary-Grade Dungeon… Wait, isn't that like… near our power level?!" asked Kireina.

"It is! With this super hard dungeon, we can grow stronger even while slacking off in the Inner World!" I said. As I began to laugh maniacally.

"That's nice! T-Though, do you have to laugh so crazily over it? Well, it is nice that we get to be stronger quickly," said Kireina.

"Master don't laugh so loudly, or you'll get a seizure," said Katrina.

"I can't get a seizure!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 148 - Creating A Dungeon!


-----

Without wanting to waste another second, I decided to immediately use the Legendary-Grade Dungeon Heart Core.

We rushed into the distance, around some grassy mountains with Kireina and Katrina at my side, as I put the core into the ground and then… filled it with Mana until I got tired of giving it.

We moved away a bit more and waited.

…

…

…

"Nothing is happening, Master…" said Katrina with a disappointed look.

"I am aware…" I sighed.

"Can Gaia tell you anything regarding that?" asked Kireina curiously.

"Patience…" said Gaia.

"She said to wait for it, to have a bit of patience," I said.

"I see…" said Kireina.

"I don't have much patience," said Katrina.

"Geez…"

BOOOM!!!

Suddenly, the entire ground began to tremble as the Dungeon Heart Core started to release circuit-like runes all across the ground around it!

TRUUUUUMMM!!!

The vibrations were incredibly powerful, sending waves of shock all across the ground!

BOOOOM!!!

The Dungeon Heart Core then dived into the ground deep underground!

FLAAAASH!

And then, the entire earth around it began to change, gigantic walls made of bricks started to emerge out of the ground, closing down into a large structure, and even making an entrance and stairs leading down!

Ding!

[You've created a [Dungeon (Legendary-Grade)]!]

[You became the [Dungeon Master]!]

[You've unlocked the [Dungeon Management] System Function]

The large building in front of us was a dungeon. But this was merely the entrance to it as it led downstairs. Meaning that the first floor doesn't have a monster but most likely the one below us has.

Using the amazing Dungeon Management function, I was able to see this Dungeon's status, it was way different than the others in terms of quality and the like.

…

[Dungeon Status: Summoner's Dungeon (Legendary-Rank)]

[Owner: Gustav]

[Assigned Dungeon Core: Legendary-Grade Dungeon Core: #14343]

[Dungeon Rank: Legendary-Grade]

[Dungeon Points Required For Upgrade: 0/10.000.000]

[Dungeon Structure: Labyrinth-type]

[Energy Gathering Efficiency Grade: Legendary]

[Available Treasure List Grade: Legendary]

[Dungeon Size Grade: Mythical]

[Hastened Monster Multiplication Grade: Mythical]

[Special Abilities: [Greater Monster Multiplication Enhancement: Level 1], [Energy Transmutation: Level 1], [Automatic Dungeon Regeneration: Level 1]

[Dungeon Functions: [Dungeon Manipulation], [Dungeon Transformation], [Dungeon Treasure Creation]

…

There it was! It seems that Dungeon's status is way simpler than I had originally imagined.

All of its stats are at Legendary and Mythical, pretty decent. And it also comes with some Special Abilities and Dungeon Functions…

Also, if I want to upgrade it to the next level, it requires 10 million Dungeon Points, but it has zero as of now.

How do we get Dungeon Points?

Well, there are multiple ways, one of them is letting people die inside so the Dungeon absorbs their essence, bodies, and souls into dungeon points.

Haha… No, I am not doing that one.

Another is to shrug off the monster from the dungeon itself and let the people get inside to kill them so the dungeon and can feed on the monsters' souls and essence to nourish itself and form dungeon points.

Another way to do it is by letting the Dungeon naturally absorb divine energy from the environment, this might take years. Although it seems that the System grade and quality are very high, so its talent is a Legendary Grade and will absorb energy as fast as possible while transmuting it.

In resume, it can do what a normal dungeon can do naturally in years, in just some days.

As of now, after a few hours of waiting leisurely, the Dungeon finally got enough Dungeon Points.

It had gained around 5.000 just in two hours naturally, so I am guessing it will be able to gather even more if I let it sit there. But at some point, this might become slower, so to speed up the process, even more, we do this little trick.

We make monsters!

Using the system, I quickly click the Monster Summon tab of the System, and to my surprise, it is random. It uses whatever points I add and summons a random quantity of monsters of all types, the only thing that is not randomized is the level of strength, which will be Legendary Grade no matter what.

Through this logic, I utilize the Dungeon Points and the first Monsters that are summoned through its Special Ability is an army of blue and black-colored beetles the size of adult dogs.

There were around… a hundred! And they were all Legendary Grade.

I resisted the impulse of killing them to get EXP as I let them swarm the entire dungeon. As they swarmed it, the dungeon itself hasten their growth and reproduction, and the beetles begin to reproduce quickly after a few hours. It is already night, so I decided to leave this for tomorrow.

…

After waking up in the morning, I had a refreshing bath with my two wives which included a lot of… exercise. After that, we had breakfast and we rushed back to the Dungeon.

There, I found that the Dungeon was developing some more, and there were new floors down below, the beetles had infested the area and former one hundred beetles are now thousands… Wow, this is an EXP and item-making machine. This is the only thing that dungeons are, it seems!

I check the System and see that there are over 20k Dungeon points now, from the natural gathering of energies and also because the beetles had begun to kill each other for food.

Using these points, I decided to summon even more random monsters, filling the dungeon even more. This time, there were several giant ants with black armored exoskeletons, venomous and hairy spiders the size of trucks, and a swarm of cube slimes who were way too little yet to be a menace.

The ecosystem of the dungeon continued to develop over time, the next day there were already even more monsters that had reproduced and multiplied, and the day after even more.

After four days of just lazing around and watching over the dungeon, I finally came to the realization that I was having way too much fun with this. So, I decided to finally do something with this growing dungeon, after I summoned even more monsters from it, of course…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 149 - Dungeons Are Rather Convenient


-----

The Dungeon is still far away from getting ten million dungeon points to upgrade itself, but these points are more than enough to summon even more monsters.

After around a week of lazing around inside my Inner World, I came to the realization I was having some fun with it.

Anyways, I decided to get some order into my life and slain these beasts through ruthless and barbaric methods.

We were not going to make them all go extinct though, this will be a periodic hunt for EXP that all those capable of entering will do. I already told the rest of my summons about this and so I told Javier, his family, and the tamed monsters led by Cuco about this. They all grew excited to enter the Dungeon and level up, and I also brought the Elder Necromancer Lich so he can grind EXP with the Undead, who all have levels despite being tied to a Skill.

I also went into the Dungeon and began massacring monsters for a few hours with my party. The monsters were nothing too outstandingly hard, and the EXP wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either, even at Legendary-Grade, I guess this EXP is more of a little junk food I will take every day, but for the true and juicy EXP from things such as the Celestial King, I would need to fight big bosses…

Nonetheless, the drops and the like were interesting, and I got a good amount of Ability Spheres and Soul Spheres, which I used to enhance my stats a bit and get a few Skills that I don't know if I will ever use.

Ding!

[Your Level has increased from Level 128 to Level 129!]

[You gained Skill Points]

[All your stats had increased]

[You learned the following Skills]

[Slicing Gale (S)]

[Battle Beetle Warrior Exoskeleton (S)]

[Black Armored Ant Colony Tactics (S)]

…

I decided to visit this place every day for some daily EXP on the go, without making the monsters go extinct, it might be possible to get one level a day, perhaps, if we are gentle enough with their population.

Everyone else was leveling up pretty fast though, so I guess I was the one who had over-leveled myself a lot after such battles.

Like this, the day came to an end, and the next day came rushing by, this time, I had decided to get serious and summon a lot of Summons!

I am going to use all the Gacha Tickets I got! Though I also want to not waste all of my Orbs…

With this dungeon at our side, it will be cheap easy to level up any new Summon we get to our level already. Apophis, the first monster egg we got from the monster hatchery had already evolved several times by leeching EXP from us, the little snake-headed dragon baby had evolved into a big car-sized snake-headed wingless dragon, her power seems to be concentrated into a deadly poison, she treats Cuco and the Viper as their parents… Did they really… well, did it?! Well, I don't want to find out.

Here are Apophis' stats now, she's a big girl.

…

[Name: [Apophis]

[Race: [High Venomous Dark Viper Drake]

[Monster Grade: [SSS-Rank]

[Element(s): [Poison], [Dark], [Dragon]

[Level: [42/50]

[Vitality: [32.000/32.000]

[Mana: [52.000/52.000]

[Strength: [44.500]

[Magic: [55.000]

[Dexterity: [60.000]

[Skills]

[Imperial Dragon Scales (SSS)]

[Corrosive Poisonous Dragon Breath (SSS)]

[Deadly Venomous Fangs (SSS)]

[Sharp Venomous Claws (SSS)]

[Eyes of Intimidation (SS)]

[Poison Manipulation (SS)]

[Poison Magic (SSS)]

…

She's still growing up but she's showing some great potential. Her stats are growing even faster than my Summons did, but I guess due to the various boosts to growth I give to everyone that serves me, she got to grow fast to catch up with the rest! She is a master of poison pretty much, and can even one-shot Legendary-Grade Trolls with her venomous bite.

Anyways, the Monster Hatchery is producing eggs too, lets' talk about that before summoning. The Annexed land usually makes a spliced egg with the genes combined of two of the monsters set there, so even if the monsters didn't get busy at night, an egg still shows up after around three days or five days.

We got another egg the other day, and this one baby hatched into a small, red-colored Arachne. We named her Rose, and she is a baby girl that doesn't even know how to speak. It is a toddler Arachne with the nature of a monster, so she goes around the house walking through the walls and ceiling. She also leeched a lot of EXP from yesterday and evolved into a more mature form, resembling a young girl in hers 6's.

…

[Name: [Arachne]

[Race: [High Scarlet Arachne Witch Princess]

[Monster Grade: [SS-Rank]

[Element(s): [Poison], [Dark], [Blood], [Insect]

[Level: [36/40]

[Vitality: [22.000/22.000]

[Mana: [62.000/62.000]

[Strength: [17.500]

[Magic: [51.000]

[Dexterity: [32.000]

[Skills]

[Deadly Venomous Bite (SS)]

[Hard Scarlet Exoskeleton (SS)]

[Magic Thread Creation and Manipulation (SS)]

[Arachne Magic (SS)]

[Dark Magic (SS)]

[Blood Magic (SS)]

[Poison Magic (SS)]

[Mana Control (SS)]

[Witch's Charm (SS)]

…

Here are the lady stats. She had grown a bit more and she's becoming an amazing Magician for some reason. I guess that's her talent? The talent of Arachne? Her Arachne Magic is interesting magic, it helps her create all types of spiders made out of magic to crawl around, sneak around, attack, explode, and more.

Anyways, two other eggs are waiting to hatch, so we'll see what we get there by then.

About Undead, most of the produced Undead are just being recycled into Abyssal Death Spirits by the Elder Lich Necromancer and then used as materials to raise the superior Abyssal Undead. Wisp, however, sometimes picks up an Undead that he believes has some potential of its own.

By the way, Wisp had gotten strong too, the little wisp is now composed of many souls, has become something like a giant phantasmal legion of souls, pretty creepy, but interesting, nonetheless.

Moving on, time to summon… I think I delayed this too much already.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 150 - Summoning Once More!


-----

Now, no more bullshit, time to summon!

Here are the items I have for the gacha currently:

[Discount Gacha Ticket (50%) (C-Grade)] x4

[Premium Gacha Ticket (Guaranteed 5 Star) (SSS-Grade)] x2

[5 Star Summon Selection Gacha Ticket (Mythical-Grade)] x1

[Special Gacha Banner Ticket (Halloween Harvest) (Mythical-Grade)] x1

The first four tickets are discount tickets, but the last three are Tickets that give me Summons for Free!

The [Premium Gacha Ticket (Guaranteed 5 Star) (SSS-Grade)], which are two, let me get a guaranteed random five-star from the five-star pool of ANY Banner I want.

The [5 Star Summon Selection Gacha Ticket (Mythical-Grade)] lets me select a five-star from a special pool of five-star heroes within this ticket's pool.

And the [Special Gacha Banner Ticket (Halloween Harvest) (Mythical-Grade)] lets me open the Halloween Banner ahead of time and summon one free to summon from it, while I can also use orbs to summon more… or the two [Premium Gacha Ticket (Guaranteed 5 Star) (SSS-Grade)].

This banner opens for a limited time, lasting for only 24 hours.

So I will use this Ticket first and see if the Halloween-themed units are good. If they are, I will use the tickets or Orbs on it, if not, I will move on to another banner. Through these two weeks, there are two new banners aside from the previous ones, which were the Summer Banner and the Dark Path Banner, which are about to expire in 7 more days.

These two new Banners are the [Deep Sea Beauties Focus Banner] and the [Pirates Raid Focus Banner] and yes, they are also themed after summer stuff because we are at summer here it seems… I guess later on we'll get Christmas-themed stuff…?

These two banners seemed interesting, the three new Focus were all quite strong, and the Banner said that they came with bonus items, and even doubled base stats… So yeah, power creep at its finest.

Anyways, I will check it later, although that Deep Sea Beauty Kireina really looks hot, I already have two… a third Kireina would kill me. But still, these two banners give a free summon too, so I will have to summon from them sooner or later.

Moving on, time to use the [Special Gacha Banner Ticket (Halloween Harvest) (Mythical-Grade)] ticket!

I quickly grab the ticket while resting in the backyard of our hut, as it dissipates into bright particles of light and then fuses with me.

Ding!

[You've unlocked the [Halloween Harvest Focus Banner]!]

<Summoning Banners>

[Halloween Harvest Focus Banner (Bonus +1 Hero every 5 Rolls!)]

[Heroes have gathered for the Harvest Festival this Halloween, wearing all types of spooky and alluring customs, will you give them a threat, or will you let them trick you~?]

[5 Star Focus]

[Kireina, Sexy Necromancer Witch] [★★★★★]

[Iris, Devilish Vampire Queen] [★★★★★]

[Frank, Charming Reaper of Souls] [★★★★★]

[4 Star Focus]

[Drake, Monstrous Nether Dracolich] [★★★★]

[Ervas, Adorable Werewolf Pup] [★★★★]

[Veronica, Energetic Pumpkin Knight] [★★★★]

…

In front of me, the large banner emerged, showing the possible summons I could get… Hm, I see.

The top guys are mostly protagonists, but they seem all quite strong. The special thing about this banner is that you get a bonus hero every 5 draws, so for the price of 5 you get 6.

This Banner features a powerful Necromancer in another of Kireina's versions, this one looks extra thick with a very revealing witch costume… Iris is a strong long-ranged attacker that can manipulate blood and transform into a giant monster made of blood, she even seems to have Noah's powers and can summon Blood Servants. So she's a mixed attacker and summoner sort of deal, kind of like Kireina here. And Frank is a fast glass cannon that reaps souls apart, all his attacks deal direct damage to targets souls.

They're all strong. If I can get one of Kireina or Iris, I pretty much get another army of monsters for me, increasing my power exponentially.

The four-star is not bad either, Drake is a monstrous dragon with Undead powers, and he can also do some soft necromancy, his raw sheer power, insane regeneration, and defenses are what make him pretty formidable.

Ervas is a fast physical attacker, very different than the one here. He seems to be able to transform into a giant wolf too, so he's fast and strong despite being an adorable wolf boy.

Lastly, Veronica is a summoner like the top girls, she can summon an army of Undead Pumpkins, the more she summons, the stronger she grows, and even if they die, she gains power up to a certain amount, and can summon even stronger pumpkins… It is very funny, but it seems cool.

Comparing these to the other ones, these do look stronger… Alright, I am decided… I will the two 5 Star guarantee tickets, the free summon and add 9 Orbs to make it a five summon, so I can get an extra summon, being 6! I am a genius.

I quickly used everything as the lights shone, several magic circles emerged before me, as shiny jewels appeared all around me, all of them glistening with beautiful and varied colors.

FLASH!

Ding!

[Congratulations, you have summoned a 5 Star Hero!]

[You summoned the following Heroes]

[Kireina, Sexy Necromancer Witch] [★★★★★]

[Iris, Devilish Vampire Queen] [★★★★★]

[Drake, Monstrous Nether Dracolich] [★★★★]

[Ervas, Adorable Werewolf Pup] [★★★★]

[Veronica, Energetic Pumpkin Knight] [★★★★]

[Necromancer, Reborn Demon God-King] [★★★★]

Suddenly, six wondrous summons emerged before me. I was left speechless.

What are the fucking odds?

Well, yes, there were two guarantees to be the five-star focuses but- I got all three of the four-star focuses?! Damn… I am amazing! And I even got another Necromancer to boot- Wait, this guy from all people?!

This guy simply named "Necromancer" was a recurring villain in Demon Queen Rebirth, he's the reincarnation of an ancient enemy of Kritias named Demon God-King, who's also an antagonist… To think that I would get a villain…

Well now, this is quite an amazing pull, I feel like I shouldn't summon anymore because I'll get horrible luck right after…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 151 - RNGesus Has Blessed Me!


-----

Before me, there were several amazing and wondrous summons! And I got half of them for free! Item Boxes are the best when you're so lucky!

Though, it seems I didn't consume any luck this time around because I didn't let the Luck Cloud above me be used. This means that this is just outside RNG.

RNGesus has blessed me.

Anyways, I didn't use the 50% discount Gacha Tickets because I want to use them for later, these are more worth it to use with full five times summons, so instead of 20, it cost 10 Orbs.

Should I summon all six of them or absorb some of them for their Skills? I got enough Skill Points to get some- Ah, right, I was going to absorb Evan's Skills.

Now that I think about it, isn't he pretty outdated already for my power level? It would be better to just summon him or convert him into Hero Fragments… No, an undying soldier as a summon is more valuable in that regard.

But seeing the other summons, is there something I would like to grab from them?

Hmmm… I am tempted to grab Kireina's skills, but she's more valuable by herself, same for Iris.

What about the others? Drake… could give me the power to shapeshift into a Dragon and have Winter Magic, alongside an even more enhanced regeneration… Huh.

Then there's Veronica with her summons… Hm, yeah, that one is better as another companion.

Ervas could give me the power of a werewolf and to become a wolf, like Javier but better… Not much into that.

And the Necromancer seems like a discount version of Kireina's Halloween form, but the guy comes with some special things like Negative Emotion Manipulation, and Phantasmal Flames Infection, which he used in the original novel to amass power and build Undead.

Well, when the guy got eaten Veronica didn't even use his powers that much, nor Ervas, so they were not that awesome.

But it is still an interesting character.

I think I might absorb Drake… It saddens me because it would be awesome to have him… But his skills are way too amazing for a Four Star! He's like at 5 Star level of incredible.

I guess that's what we call power creep, four stars become as good as five stars, and five stars… well, they become even better than the previous five stars.

Do I have enough Skill Points…?

Hmm… I quickly checked and yes, I do.

Let's do it.

Ding!

[You've absorbed the [Drake, Monstrous Nether Dracolich] [★★★★] Summon Jewel!]

[You've acquired the [Winter Magic (SSS)], [Immortal Body (SSS)], and [Spectral Death Winter Dragon (SSS)] Skills!]

[You've spent 120.000 Skill Points to learn the [Winter Magic (SSS)], [Immortal Body (SSS)], and [Spectral Death Winter Dragon (SSS)] Skills!]

FLASH!

The moment I absorbed Drake's Summon Jewel, not only I gained extra stats which I didn't expect, but the very will of the ice dragon, his knowledge and understanding of Winter Magic, the highest ice magic there is, and the amazing power of transforming into a Dragon rushed through my mind and body.

My entire body suddenly began to emanate an air of coldness, as if everything around me was being frozen, the sky suddenly turned cloudy, as my eyes began to emanate a cold azure essence. Snow quickly started to fall from the sky, surrounding me and the entire hut.

Wow, this is amazing.

By merely having the power of Winter Magic my entire surroundings turned into winter.

"W-What's going on?" asked Kireina in surprise. Katrina came rushing after, then Anna, and the rest of my summons.

"Haha… I learned Winter Magic and it seems that it went off control… Wait… There!"

I quickly controlled the environment and the skies as if it were something normal for me, the clouds quickly calmed down as the snow slowly melted away, it was back to normal.

Amazing, with this, I also have the power of Ice with me, and the highest possible magic of ice there is Winter Magic!

Well, that's the magic of Drake in his novel, Epic of Ice Dragon, but I guess in this interdimensional apocalypse, there might be even stronger magic, but for now, this is pretty amazing.

"I've summoned a lot of new companions, so stay here so you can meet them, there are some surprises within here," I said.

I decided to summon the other five Heroes I got right away, the more the merrier, as I wanted them to go to the Dungeon asap and begin grinding EXP, and if they can't, they can always leech out of us and power level like Apophis and Arachne did.

The first summons was obvious, Kireina!

Of course, I had to name her differently so there wouldn't be confused.

There is Kireina, Katrina, and… What other name did my readers always confused Kireina's name with…?

Hmm… Katrina… Katarina…

Katarina should do.

I renamed this Kireina Necromancer Witch as Katarina- Ah, that name reminds me of a cute villainess from a Light Novel and anime I loved…

Anyways, after naming her, I decided to pick up her personality… Something different from Kireina's cute and sexy nature and Katrina's serious and cold nature… Let's see… Yandere? No, that would be too much… Maybe a cheerful? Kireina is kind of that. Childish? Wouldn't fit a witch so mature and sexy looking… Overly motherly and lovely? Hmm… Even Kireina is reserved sometimes, so one that is extremely lovely and calls me dearie all the time would be nice… Or a Tsundere? Would be interesting to interact with someone like that…

Let's go for an overly motherly that would be the ultimate witch milf…!

FLASH!

[You've summoned [Kireina, Sexy Necromancer Witch] [★★★★★]!]

After adjusting everything, I just summoned her!

The moment I did, the magic circle emerged before my feet as a beautiful and slender figure began to emerge from the floor, slowly materializing into a beauty like no one. Her hair color was slight of a darker pink, so she was nicely distinguishable from the other Kireinas.

Her beautiful pale-white skin, her slender and sexy figure, those thick hips and thighs, that enormous pair of breasts, long dark pink hair, flashy crimson-red eyes, and a sexy, black-colored witch costume that was very tight to her body made of black leather.

"Oh my, but it isn't my master! I am so happy to meet you! Come to mama, dearie!"

"Eh?! Another me!?" cried Kireina.

"Certainly, Master seems to be a degenerate that cannot be satiated with just two of us…" sighed Katrina.

Katarina rushed towards me and hugged me tightly, pressing her massive breasts over my face.

"Master, I am so happy to be summoned! Hehe, let's have a lot of fun together!" said Katarina, she was gentle, motherly, and overly affectionate…

"Thank you, I am counting on you, Katarina," I said.

"Fufu, of course! Ah, you're so warm," said Katarina. She was actually over two meters tall, she was taller than the other two Kireinas, and she even had sharp black heels that made her even taller. Her black horns were spiraling downwards unlike the other two Kireina and Katrina.

And then…

"Eh? What are you doing?!"

"Hehe, I am carrying you! So cute!" said Katarina, as she princess-carried me near my other summons.

"Wait! You're embarrassing me!"

Sigh… Maybe I made her way too motherly?

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 152 - Powerful Summons


-----

I looked over Katarina's stats, finding out how strong she really was.

…

[Name: [Katarina Dark Moon]

[Race: [Crimson Vampire Fairy Death Necromancer]

[Stars: [★★★★★]

[Element(s): [Illusion], [Chaos], [Death]

[Weapon Type: [Staff]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [5000/5000]

[Strength: [3500]

[Magic: [6000]

[Dexterity: [4000]

[Realm Menace of Lust and Death (SS)]

[Vampiric Necrotic Beauty (SS)]

[Spectral Abyssal Necromancer Grimoire (SS)]

[Accursed Undead Graveyard (S)]

[Locked Skills]

[Pandora's Gate (S) (Locked)]

[Necrotic Potency (S) (Locked)]

[Undeath Fusion (S) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Accursed Undeath Staff: Hades (SS)]

[Body: [Magic-Enhancing Tight Sexy Witch Clothes (S)]

[Accessory: [Undeath Queen Bone Ring (S)]

And to resume everything, she was very amazing. This is what I call power creep. I don't know how this scales, but it is probably based on how much I advance through strength, eventually, my summons will end up with incredible stats.

Because look at those stats, would you think those massive melons belong to a Level 1 Summon?!

…I mean the numbers! Yes, the numbers.

Those stats look too ridiculous for her Level…

Something coming with such absurd stats… This is plain ridiculous.

"Master, you really just summoned another version of my original template?" asked Kireina.

"Well, this wasn't the intention, you know?" I sighed.

"I can't believe how degenerate you are…" said Katrina.

"Aw, come on, girls! Don't treat my sweetheart like that, he's such a lovely master~ Why are you like that?" asked Katarina.

"Well, I guess it is fine," shrugged Kireina.

"It's not like we can do anything over it…" said Katrina.

"Now come here," said Katarina, as she, Kireina, and Katrina, began to kiss each other rather lewdly.

After that, all three of them connected, fusing their souls into one once more.

I wonder if they can fuse…

"Oi! Did you had to kiss each other so lewdly?!" I asked.

"Hehe…" chuckled Katarina.

"Fufu…" chuckled Kireina while licking her lips.

"…" Katrina didn't say anything.

"Three versions now. I guess we could treat them like triplets," said Ervas.

"Another mama! I have three mamas now," said Vudia.

"I don't know if that's a thing to be happy about," said Aqua.

"Kireina-sama! Kireina-sama! And… Kireina-sama!" Wagyu barked as he waved his tail, all three of the girls greeted and petted him, he was happy with just that.

"There's a certain part that we should have never crossed, now that we have done it, we might as well go and see how far we can go," I said, resigning myself to my destiny.

"I suppose we can make an army of Kireinas in the future, all of them conquering an entire dimension," said Anna.

"Don't talk too much or you'll get an alternate version next," said Ervas.

"Eeep…" cried Anna.

Well, let's continue summoning…"

I quickly took out Iris jewel and edited her a bit… Her name and all of that were fine, I guess. Personality-wise? Her usual personality is good, just how I designed her is fine.

FLASH!

Iris quickly emerged out of the magic circle in the ground, her appearance was a bit different, kind of an in-between of her first look and her change after the evolution into Vampire Queen…

She had pale-white skin, almost as white as candlewax, a slender yet sexy figure, sharp crimson-red eyes, pointy ears, a beautiful and endearing smile, crimson-red hair that reached up to her shoulders, which was also quite fluffy. She also had a large chest and wide hips. She wore a beautiful black and red dress that went perfectly on her young adult beauty, and it also was kind of themed after a Vampire.

She also came wielding a blade and it was- Eh? It was Dark Excalibur… Did she take it from Noah? I guess it could be said that this is like an Iris cosplaying as Noah…

"Oh? Have I been summoned? Oh, you must be my Master! Please to meet you. I will be at your care," said Iris. She seemed rather casual but polite.

Her presence emanated a strong crimson-red essence.

"Glad to have you on the team, hopefully, you can help us out," I said.

"Sure thing! Though I am quite hungry…" said Iris.

"Oh… Well, you can drink my blood," I said.

"Really?!" she asked, as her innocent looks were changed by a predatory gaze.

After that, I had Iris drinking blood from my neck, and Katarina got envious, so she joined in. Having two cute girls drinking my blood from both sides of my neck feels strangely erotic.

But let us not think about that too deeply.

These are Iris's stats from the get-go. As you can see, she's also power crept.

…

[Name: [Iris Luna Noctem]

[Race: [High Progenitor Vampire Queen]

[Stars: [★★★★★]

[Element(s): [Blood], [Phantom], [Death]

[Weapon Type: [Sword]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [6000/6000]

[Strength: [4000]

[Magic: [4000]

[Dexterity: [4500]

[High Progenitor Vampire Queen (SS)]

[Phantasmal Blood Soul Servant Creation & Summon (SS)]

[Spectral Phantasmal Nine-Tailed Fox Possession (SS)]

[Dark Corrupted Blood Blade Arts (S)]

[Locked Skills]

[Blood Servant Fusion (S) (Locked)]

[Bloodshed Enhancement (S) (Locked)]

[Blood Servant Detonation (S) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Accursed Corrupted Blade of Humanity's Sins: Dark Excalibur (SS)]

[Body: [Vampire Queen Charming Set (S)]

[Accessory: [Vampire Queen Blood Ring (S)]

…

Damn, those stats are high.

Her power doesn't really just on stats alone, she also comes with the power to create and summon Blood Servants, to coat herself in a phantasmal aura and enhance her power, and to use that blade with amazing precision and power through that Art Skill. Also, if her other Skills are unlocked after she gathers enough Skill Points and buys them, she will be able to fuse Blood Servants, Enhance them, and detonate them like bombs to boot… Insane.

The show doesn't end there, the blade she has is incredibly potent and powerful, being infused with the power of humanity's sins and the darkness that Noah used to infect it and take over it. This corrupted version of Excalibur exudes a tremendous amount of deadly dark power, and might be able to fire darkness beams, devour souls, and even manipulate shadows… All in one weapon.

And now… to the next summons…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 153 - Even 4 Star Summons Are Great


-----

After those two were done with, I had another three more Summons to summon, so I grabbed their Summon Jewels (after Iris and Katarina were done sucking my blood) as I threw the jewels into the ground and let them summon the characters.

FLASH!

Three figures quickly emerged one after another, emanating powerful auras…

Ding!

[You've summoned [Ervas, Adorable Werewolf Pup] [★★★★], [Veronica, Energetic Pumpkin Knight] [★★★★], and [Necromancer, Reborn Demon God-King] [★★★★]!]

"Eh? Another me?"

Ervas glanced at his alternate version, which I had called Eruvas just to not make it as confusing.

He looked like Ervas after a few more evolutions, where he grew until resembling a teenager. He was a few centimeters taller than our Ervas, and had fluffy silvery-white wolf ears and tail, alongside a small black horn growing from his forehead. He was wearing formal clothes, making him resemble a little Vampire, compared to our Ervas tribal clothes.

"Nice to meet you, me," said Eruvas.

"Yeah, it is a bit awkward, but let's do what we can… And nice to meet you," said Ervas.

The two held hands and fused their souls as one, making a magical show of auras flowing around everywhere. It was a nice spectacle.

Eruvas was more physically fighting inclined Summon, although he didn't lack magic either…

…

[Name: [Eruvas Igni]

[Race: [Half-Wolf Beast-Kin Demon]

[Stars: [★★★★]

[Element(s): [Nature], [Life], [Beast]

[Weapon Type: [Gauntlets]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [3000/3000]

[Strength: [5000]

[Magic: [2000]

[Dexterity: [4000]

[Skills]

[Silver Wolf Beast-kin Bloodline (S)]

[Roaring Silver Werewolf Transformation (S)]

[Roaring Beast Spirit Magic (S)]

[Locked Skills]

[Deadly Slashing Claws Arts (S) (Locked)]

[Werewolf Vampire Transformation (SS) (Locked)]

[Ultimate Berserk Charge (SS) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Gauntlets of Death Metallic Material (SS)]

[Body: [Refined Clothes of Vampire Royalty (S)]

[Accessory: [Sharp Fang Necklace (S)]

…

His stats were just as amazing as the other girls, if not a bit less in the total stats category, but even if less, they were positioned in a way that he seemed min-maxed into physical power over magic power, something that makes sense seeing how he has these skills. He has strange magic that I guess is original to this version, which relates to his beast bloodline, and probably has something to do around it…

After greeting him, I glanced at the other two…

"Yahoo! I don't know why I even got this weird pumpkin-themed axe, nor why I have this dress, but- Well, anyway, nice to meet you, Master!" said Veronica.

"It is nice to meet another protagonist, hopefully, you can get along with everyone," I said.

"Sure thing! Uwah, there are two Ervas now?! Ah, Anna-chan!" cried Veronica.

"Oh, you must be Veronica, within the information of my template I believe there was some relationship between the two of us," said Anna while rubbing her chin.

"Oh yeah… Should we force ourselves into it?" wondered Veronica.

"I don't know. Well, we are summons made from templates, not the real characters, so we can choose these new lives however we want, away from the templates," said Anna.

"True… though you're pretty cute!" said Veronica, playing around with Anna and teasing it.

"G-Geez, stop it!" sighed Anna while blushing.

Ah, seeing these two is actually quite cute, but yeah, as they are not really the characters themselves, they can freely strive out from their original information within their memories. I suppose there are more complex things to think about right now than this, but it is still something interesting…

Veronica looked like a gorgeous woman; however, she was tall, slender, and beautiful. Her skin was pale-white and semi-transparent due to its phantasmal properties. Her hair was long and wine-colored, her eyes sharp and crimson red. She wore a beautiful black and red dress which had a few decorations resembling pumpkins entailed between sharp thorny vines. She also had an Axe with a pumpkin medal stuck to it…

…

[Name: [Veronica Igni]

[Race: [High Phantasmal Spectral Living Armor Death Empress]

[Stars: [★★★★]

[Element(s): [Darkness], [Death], [Material]

[Weapon Type: [Axe]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [6000/6000]

[Strength: [4000]

[Magic: [4000]

[Dexterity: [2000]

[Skills]

[High Phantasmal Spectral Living Armor Death Empress (S)]

[Accursed Death Pumpkin Summoning Grimoire (S)]

[Abyssal Shadow Death Soul (S)]

[Locked Skills]

[Accursed Death Pumpkin Detonation (S) (Locked)]

[Death Empress Magic (SS) (Locked)]

[Shadow Empress Magic (SS) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Festive Accursed Death Pumpkin Axe (SS)]

[Body: [Charming Phantasmal Dress (S)]

[Accessory: [Death Empress Ring (S)]

…

Looking at her stats, she looked pretty good, she seemed to be tanky and good at both offenses, but slow, just like a tank.

Her ability let her summon these weird monsters named Accursed Death Pumpkins… I don't even know what to think about them, but they seem strong anyways.

Her first Skill gives her most of her original "basic" capabilities, such as absorbing materials, replicating them in exchange for a lot of mana, enhancing herself absorbing materials, materializing her soul, and so on. Although it might seem possible to make clones, it would need some testing.

And the last and most infamous of the group, the Necromancer. He looked like a typical Lich, with a dark-blue-colored skeleton, a black hood, and an old staff, with several skulls on top of it. He emanated a menacing aura. This guy was my first villain summoned! I got another in Emerald, but I absorbed him.

"So you're my Master… So, I am a copy of a copy, but my real self was already but a replication of my true self before. Bah, none of this matters anymore. I shall bring down any enemy that you put me against, Master," said the Necromancer, he got philosophical all out of a sudden, who does he thinks he is?

"Did you had to get philosophical? Also it's so weird to speak with such a chaotic character, I guess this is how it is in this timeline," I said.

"It is also strange to speak as I do after being made from a template of such a character. But fear not, I am not such a being truly, so I live to serve you and bring down anything within your path. May my powers be of your utmost use," said the Necromancer. He ended being a pretty chill guy.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 154 - Picking A Summon For Free!


-----

For reference, these were the stats of the Necromancer:

…

[Name: [Necromancer]

[Race: [High Elder Lich]

[Stars: [★★★★]

[Element(s): [Death], [Darkness]

[Weapon Type: [Staff]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [2000/2000]

[Strength: [1000]

[Magic: [3000]

[Dexterity: [1000]

[Skills]

[Resurrected Demon God King Fragment: Necromancer (S)]

[Phantasmal Blue Flames Infection (S)]

[Negative Emotion Black Ooze (S)]

[Locked Skills]

[Undeath Metropolis (S) (Locked)]

[Phantasmal Lich King Magic (SS) (Locked)]

[Demon God King Fragments Awakening (SS) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Necrotic Bone Staff of the Damned (SS)]

[Body: [Cursed Black Tunic (S)]

[Accessory: [Lich King Ring (S)]

…

Pretty fine. Unlike the focus units which were the other guys, he had way smaller stats at the beginning, although they are just as insane to me.

Now that I had this done with, I had another ticket I wanted to use for now, while saving the discount tickets for a later occasion.

The ticket in question is… [5 Star Summon Selection Gacha Ticket (Mythical-Grade)]!

This Ticket lets me summon a selected Five Star of my preference within a certain pool of units! This is why it is amazing; it lets me choose whatever I want!

I quickly popped it up as a large screen of units emerged before me. The units included here were not of any Festive Banner, only the "normal" or "classic" units added into the summoning pool.

Within this list, there were mostly Gen 1 Units, Kireina was there, the classic one, and most of the protagonist.

What should I pick now…?

Hmm…

As I glanced across the place, I found one unit that startled me and left me quite speechless.

Wait, what?!

She's here?

It was a very cute elf girl, which was available in her adult and loli form… this character is a side character from Epic of Ice Dragon named Alma…

She's formerly a guy that died quite awfully and reincarnated as a cute elf baby due to many misunderstandings…

The power I had given her was pretty ridiculous, but I never thought they would be translated here…

She originally had the power of Endless Mana, which pretty much made her mana… never run out. She also had Continuous Casting and Main Character as other Abilities, allowing her to be blessed by luck and fate and also to have the ability to fire magic unfazed and unaffected by things such as spell time, cooldown, delay, or even chant requirement.

And I checked her stats and found her Skills…

Sadly, she didn't have anything like Endless Mana… Ugh, what a letdown. I guess it is too broken even for now?

She had something named Mana Drain and was a Summon that actually drained mana from her targets, something very unique because summons doesn't even have mana by themselves and always use mine to do all their attacks. This effectively makes her an independent summon… And the best thing is that she can drain the mana and then send a part to me too…

Crazy, isn't it?

She's quite worth it.

But I also wanted to check if there was any other broken Skill…

I glanced around and there wasn't anything such as Devour from Kireina, nor the System from Frank… Noah was there, with the Blood Progenitor Skill… but it wasn't so attractive.

In the end, I decided to summon Alma, she seemed to be one of the rarest summons, and her potential as a Mana Battery that can sustain herself was too good to be true.

I picked her up and quickly summoned her, it is better to have her as a summon than as skills, of course!

Flash!

A beautiful and voluptuous figure emerged from the magic circle before me, her sexy body materialized rather quickly. She had the typical appearance of an elf from hentai doujin, massive breasts, wide hips, cute and big emerald eyes, long blonde hair, and pointy ears… She was wearing white, and emerald drees with flowers and tree branches decorating them. She also had a crown of tree branches covered by green leaves…

Ding!

[You've summoned [Alma, Hardworking Elf Princess] [★★★★★]!]

She looked around her curiously as she noticed me.

"A-Ah… Are you my summoner? Nice to meet you. I am glad to have been brought to life through a template! Though… such a figure is quite unsettling after seeing the gender-bent background of this character. But as I am not really him, should I feel fine with it?" she wondered.

"Yeah, I believe you shouldn't obey that information, it is just for you to get a general idea, nothing much," I said.

"I see! Now then, where are the cute girls?" asked Alma.

"Eh?!"

"Haha! I am joking, joking~"

Alma was very casual…

I decided to check her stats while we were conversing, it was hard to keep my eyes off her chest though.

…

[Name: [Alma Sylphy]

[Race: [Light Elf Princess]

[Stars: [★★★★★]

[Element(s): [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Dagger]

[Level: [1/10]

[Vitality: [3000/3000]

[Strength: [1500]

[Magic: [7000]

[Dexterity: [2000]

[Endless Mana Drain (SS)]

[Continuous Casting (SS)]

[Main Character (SS)]

[Null-Attribute Mana Core (S)]

[Locked Skills]

[Super Telekinesis Cannon (S) (Locked)]

[Void Armor (S) (Locked)]

[One Thousand Invisible Cuts (SS) (Locked)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Ancient Relic Dagger of Oblivion (SS)]

[Body: [Enchanting Elven Princess Dress of Serenity (S)]

[Accessory: [Beautiful Ring of Nature (S)]

…

Her stats were… higher than I expected! 7000 Magic?!

And she had some Nice Skills… quite literally her entire set in the novel as well.

With this, she's quite literally an endless shotgun of null-attribute magic.

Even with her cultivation speed being so slow because she couldn't use her own mana to cultivate, she was very strong anyways…

I asked her and she immediately began to absorb mana from the environment, however, she was quite dangerous. Her mana drain was indiscriminate and even drained my own mana. However, a few meters away from her were enough for the effect to not affect me.

As she absorbed the mana, I saw how she glowed with a bright blue aura… she transferred some of that mana to me, and it felt as if I was slowly regenerating my mana.

This is quite great…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 155 - New Tasks And Plans To Level Up


-----

After yesterday's summon festival, I had decided to call it a day and just rested for the rest of the day. Today I had planned to grind in the Legendary-Grade Dungeon until I could pick a level or two, if possible, and then, move to my next plan, the fusion of equipment with Anna, so we can upgrade my own equipment even more.

However, I felt like we were going to easily massacre the demons even without upgrading my weapons… Maybe I shouldn't force this into Anna and just make it slowly in the back, while I just concentrate on leveling up.

The addition of Katarina into the bed only made things worse, however. All three of these girls drained my life out through the night. If two were already a lot, imagine three…

However, I was considering sex with them as a way of training, and I had begun to feel the effects of it, such as my body slowly strengthening and becoming more resilient. My rod was growing strong too! And my libido was perhaps becoming larger.

I have to just continue and one day I will overpower all three of them in bed and show them who's the boss here…

Ugh…

But for now…

"Ahhh…"

"Hmmm~ Slurp… Hahh~ I love to suck off master's cock in the morning…"

Kireina, Katrina, and Katarina are draining me off this morning too…

I swear, I cannot escape their grasp as long as I am in the bed…

I just wanted to take a nap and right after the sun slowly begins to rise, a slippery tongue began to suck my dick off.

"Fufu, I love how he twitches so much… Hmm~ Master, do you like our blowjob so much?"

"Ungh… Well… Of course but… Can you girls cut it off for once?" I sighed.

"Fufu, you say that but your rod says otherwise…" said Kireina.

"Lier… you love it…" said Katrina, slurping my rod all the way down. I couldn't resist the sensations of pleasure and ended filling her throat.

She drank it all obediently and cleansed it thoroughly…

"Hmm~"

"T-Thank you… C-Can I go now?" I asked.

"How about a few rounds first, dearie~?" asked Katarina.

Oh… God…

…

After approximately five hours of intense… erm, training. I was finally let go by the vicious jaws of Kireina and her two twins. I quickly rushed to the bathroom and locked it, finally having some time to relax and take a warm bath to settle down.

After that, I felt as revitalized as ever, and the Kireina trio had also ceased their horny activities and had entered into housewife mode, cooking me breakfast, a bountiful one.

After enjoying breakfast, we decided to go to the dungeon with mostly everyone, bringing with us the newly summoned summons as well so they could gather as much EXP as possible and level up a lot. I also wanted to collect more gold and other resources… And well, opening their level cap would also cost gold and resources…

Through the use of Katarina, Iris, Veronica, and the Necromancer's abilities, a giant army of undead, blood servants, evil pumpkins, and skeletons rushed through the dungeon!

However, they were weak, so they were not able to devastate much on their path and were mostly killed a lot.

However, with the help of my powers, as I practiced winter magic and the rest of my high-level allies, we rushed through the dungeon and killed many monsters that had recently spawned, gathering a nice amount of EXP after approximately 5 hours. After that, the number of monsters had diminished a lot, so I left them to regenerate back for another dungeon subjugation session tomorrow…

With this EXP, I managed to level up once, and all the newbies recruited yesterday level up a lot, breaking to the level 40's approximately.

After that, I dedicated the day to relax and slowly fuse over items with Anna, spending some time with her and all the other summons too, it was a fun day.

The next day… well, skipping the whole Kireina deal of every morning, we have dived into the dungeon once more, and like this, we did so for a few days, until a week has passed.

Ding!

[You've leveled up from Level 132 Level 133!]

Most of the newbies already got into the 70 to 80's levels, so they were in a pretty good spot by now. They had also unlocked more abilities through the Skill Points they had accumulated as well, so everything was going great.

I had begun to consider bringing people with me in these excursions so they can also leech EXP and power level through stuff, but maybe that would make them too overconfident, or I could even risk getting betrayed by some guys that thought they were strong enough now to overtake me or something… Yeah, maybe I am overthinking it, but it is never bad to be cautious.

I've been seeing all of their abilities play out, and they all seem quite strong. Katarina and Iris are the strongest new members. Katarina's Undead are pretty mighty, and Iris's sword and her blood legion are just as amazing. Then there's Alma who can devastate anything around her with her powerful Null-Attribute Magic which she can cast almost endlessly, while also costing nothing of Mana for me and even giving me some Mana of her own… She's really broken.

After I had a night's sleep after yesterday's grind, I had decided that this was the day.

I will use the Dungeon Tickets I got the other day from the Tasks!

The tasks had actually been updated now, and they require me to slaughter even more monsters this time around for even more bountiful rewards, so I am all up for the challenge…

Here are the tasks as a reference:

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 6400 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x5, 100000 Gold, 100000 Hero Feathers, 25 Orbs]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 12800 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x10, 200000 Gold, 200000 Hero Feathers, 30 Orbs]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 25600 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x15, 300000 Gold, 300000 Hero Feathers, 35 Orbs]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 51200 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x20, 400000 Gold, 400000 Hero Feathers, 40 Orbs]

The rewards are insane… and so are the requirements…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 156 - Frenetic Leveling


-----

Before using any tickets or leveling up any further, I had decided to check my progression so far by looking over my status…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [114]

[Gold: [325.569]

[Hero Feathers: [267.742]

[Hero Fragments: [52.200]

[Job: [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]

[Skill Points: [226.315]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: 8/9 (Initial Stage -> Middle Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Grand Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Enhancement Realm (Initial Stage -> Middle Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Nourishment Realm (Middle Stage -> Upper Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management]

[Level: [128/140] > [133/140]

[Vitality: [1.560.000/1.560.000 -> 1.640.000/1.640.000] [Growth Per Level: 16.000]

[Mana: [2.220.000/2.220.000 -> 2.308.000/2.290.000] [Growth Per Level: 18.000]

[Strength: [1.370.000 -> 1.445.000] [Growth Per Level: 15.000]

[Magic: [1.900.000 -> 1.990.000] [Growth Per Level: 18.000]

[Dexterity: [1.240.000 -> 1.310.000] [Growth Per Level 14.000]

…

My stats had increased quite nicely. Although now that I have so many, it seems little… It is weird. Maybe I should have more stat growth than I have now? Or am I being too cocky with this?

Nonetheless, I already have stats above one million, so I really shouldn't get cocky anymore…

For now, this was more than enough! My Cultivation of Soul, Existence Realm, and Beast Orb had increased a Stage, so I was also growing stronger through this mean.

After checking this, I deemed myself as satisfied, as I quickly decided to look up to my next Tasks…

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 6400 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x5, 100000 Gold, 100000 Hero Feathers, 25 Orbs]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 12800 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x10, 200000 Gold, 200000 Hero Feathers, 30 Orbs]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 25600 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x15, 300000 Gold, 300000 Hero Feathers, 35 Orbs]

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 51200 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x20, 400000 Gold, 400000 Hero Feathers, 40 Orbs]

The rewards are insane… and so are the requirements.

But that amount of Gold as rewards is pretty decent, I guess, but I am getting a lot over the days passively now, so maybe it doesn't feel as rewarding…

However, those Orbs look pretty tentative to me. Very enticing… And well, the star of the show isn't those, however, but the Premium Random Item Boxes! Those are always filled with high-ranked items from the get-go, so by opening so many, the only thing I could expect are goodies to enhance myself even more.

I can barely imagine the power I could get from all the random and insane stuff I could get from there… I just opened a few and I already got crazy shit… Well, maybe because I abused my Luck Absorption… which I am still abusing even now, as I am using the big population of people here as "luck farm" I leave them be for some days and then I drain their luck, which makes their luck bad, I wait a bit more until they luck recover, and I keep absorbing it.

I've been doing this cycle over the last week, and the results are a pretty decent-sized golden luck cloud!

As long as I got a lot of luck accumulated in my Luck Cloud, I can abuse it to get blessed by the holy RNGesus and get all sorts of insane stuff from the Gacha and the Item Boxes!

Luck is the way! Luck is my path!

…

Anyways, aside from my delirious ramblings, I quickly decided to use the tickets, which were the [All Daily Dungeon Entrance Ticket (Hell/Infernal Difficulty) (SSS-Grade)]! I have five of these bad boys, and they seem quite insane, they unlock these two super hard difficulties for the Dungeons too!

Each ticket gives me three tries per Dungeon, and I have five. There is the EXP Dungeon, the Hero Feather Dungeon, the Gold Dungeon, and the Skill Point Dungeon, meaning that each ticket let me enter a daily dungeon 12 times! Now, that multiplied by 5 gives 60! Holy shit…

The amount of power and resources I was going to get from this was insane. I decided to do something even more shameless and pop up the EXP multiplier Tickets I had! I only used the X2 EXP Tickets though, which I could stack up to two times, meaning that by using two, I got X4 Multiplied, the max I could get, the others were saved for now.

The most amazing thing didn't end there, the tickets actually affected everyone within my party, so this became really insane…

At this point I couldn't even contain my excitement, the number of levels I was going to get was going to be utterly insane.

However, as I used the tickets, I was suddenly startled by something just as crazy…

Ding!

[Hero Fragments Daily Dungeon has been unlocked!]

Another daily dungeon?! And for Hero Fragments, the third currency! With this, we got five daily dungeons! Although they won't give as much EXP as the EXP Dungeon, the EXP will still be just as insane…

After everything was ready, we delved into the daily dungeons, of course, we had to do them all in order for each Ticket that unlocked the entire series of daily dungeons, so we couldn't rush through all uses of the EXP Dungeon, sadly.

Nonetheless, we started blasting anything we found in our path, the monsters of these dungeons were varied and interesting, and they tempted me to tame them, but sadly, they were more valuable as resources! And you can't rise them as undead, so when you kill them, they disappear into black smoke, sadly.

But that didn't matter, what mattered were the resources!

We continued fighting inside the dungeons for hours and hours, at some point, I lose the notion of time through all the excitement of leveling up so much…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 157 - Changing Jobs Once More!


-----

When everything had ended, I found myself sleeping over my bed.

I had at some point lost consciousness… Yikes.

But it was right after we finished everything, so it was fine.

I remember that after we ended the daily dungeons, I rushed like a maniac into the Legendary Dungeon and began destroying any life on it to not waste the last minutes of X4 EXP…

And I fell unconscious in the middle of that gamer madness.

It was just… I couldn't miss such an opportunity!

It was early in the morning and Kireina and her twins were sleeping around me, all three of them exuded tremendous auras… of divinity.

They leveled a ton yesterday, and reached the stage of Pseudo Demi Deity as Summons, making them incredibly powerful, they are probably between mid and peak…

Damn, even Katarina power leveled like crazy, she got super strong. Her army of Undead too, which helped in the extermination of the monsters too.

I felt a bit dizzy; I had a lot of saved up power inside of me, I had to quickly change Jobs and release it all to make it into my own refined power… But I decided to give my Stats a look first…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [114]

[Gold: [2.825.569]

[Hero Feathers: [1.467.742]

[Hero Fragments: [634.310]

[Job: [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno]

[Skill Points: [955.315]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: 8/9 (Middle Stage -> Peak Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Grand Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Enhancement Realm (Middle Stage -> Peak Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Nourishment Realm (Upper Stage -> Peak Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management]

[Level: [133/140] -> [140/140]

[Vitality: [1.640.000/1.640.000 -> 1.752.000/1.752.000] [Growth Per Level: 16.000]

[Mana: [2.290.000/2.290.000 -> 2.416.000/2.416.000] [Growth Per Level: 18.000]

[Strength: [1.445.000 -> 1.550.000] [Growth Per Level: 15.000]

[Magic: [1.990.000 -> 2.116.000] [Growth Per Level: 18.000]

[Dexterity: [1.310.000 -> 1.408.000] [Growth Per Level 14.000]

…

The stats before me made my eyes shine with wonder. It was really amazing… I had leveled up at an insane pace…

And- Eh? I got over 2 million Gold?! What the heck? So much… And the other resources as well, they had become plentiful… Infernal Difficulty Daily Dungeons drop a lot of resources.

Way more than I had expected, in fact!

Ding!

[Enormous quantities of accumulated EXP detected]

[Please change Jobs to utilize it]

[If such amounts of energy are kept for too long contained within your soul, permanent damage to the soul might emerge…]

[Please change Jobs as fast as possible]

Eh? Okay… It seems that EXP is "energy" somehow. The more I accumulate into my soul without using it to level up, the more dangerous it becomes, to the point that it could endanger my soul and permanently damage it as a result! Ugh, that would be definitely awful.

But fine, I will change Jobs! I was already planning to do it. You don't need to hurry me up, Gaia…

"Sorry about that, I am glad you're awake, guardian… But please change Jobs already, the amount of energy you have accumulated in your soul is so big it is worth 20 nuclear bombs…" sighed Gaia.

"That' much?! How much EXP do I have… How many times can I change Jobs?"

"Seeing the increasing level cap… Maybe three to four times." Said Gaia.

"Geh… That's a lot."

"That's right! That's why you gotta do it!"

"Alright, calm down…"

I quickly clicked the Job Change Option.

[Available Jobs]

[Immortal Spectral Dracolich Winter Summoner Emperor]

[Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor]

[Divine Phantasmal Nether Flames Hellspawn Summoner Emperor]

…

Three choices… I see.

The first one is related to my current new Skills, the ones I got from Drake…

The second Skill is related with spirit summon, spears, divine fire and the seven elements? Its all mixed up… So I get to summon spears or something now? Well, that's kind of crazy.

And the second one merges necromancer with divine fire I believe, and summoner, of course. I would guess that this one lets me summon undead related to fire that are called Hellspawn?

Well, this is a hard choice.

But if I get to change Jobs at least two more times after this, maybe I shouldn't think it too deeply.

I certainly would like to improve even more my ability to convert into a dragon, and my winter magic…

But then the second Job which merges so many concepts together sound just as interesting, I can barely resist.

And the third one seems… fine. I guess it is the least attractive to me because my Undead are already pretty fine.

Alright, I will just follow my instincts.

Ding!

[Do you want to exchange 220.000 Gold, 150.000 Hero Feathers, and 60.000 Hero Fragments to change Jobs into [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor]?]

<Yes> <No>

Damn this thing is costly…

Yes!

Ding!

[You've exchanged 220.000 Gold, 200.000 Hero Feathers, 100.000 Hero Fragments, and 150.000 Skill Points!]

[You've changed Jobs into [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor]!]

FLAAAASH!

The moment I changed Jobs, I was shrouded in power!

BOOOMMM!!!

The trio at my side quickly jumped out of bed shocked, as I felt bad for having woke them up…

"E-Eh?!"

"What's going on?"

"Master?"

"Sorry… I am changing Jobs… Sorry again…"

I closed my eyes as I gathered the energies into my body and refined them through it all.

FLASH!

At some point, the powers began to be infused into my soul and body, refining themselves and showering me with stats.

Alongside that, knowledge about new techniques and powers reached up to my mind, as I was somewhat "enlightened" or something.

FLASH!

A last flash of colors engulfed my body.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 158 - New Skills, Overflowing Power!


-----

As I was engulfed by the light, a large quantity of my unused exp began to be, well, used.

FLASH!

Levels started increasing exponentially with every second, as my power continued to be refined and strengthened to new and insane degrees.

The divine soul core inside of my soul started to glow brightly, expanding in size, and my soul felt stronger, even my soul cultivation had increased exponentially!

Ding!

[Stockpiled EXP has been utilized!]

[Your level has increased from Level 140 to level 141!]

[Your level has increased from Level 141 to level 142!]

[Your level has increased from Level 142 to level 143!]

[Your level has increased from Level 143 to level 144!]

[Your level has increased from Level 144 to level 145!]

[Your level has increased from Level 145 to level 146!]

[Your level has increased from Level 146 to level 147!]

[Your level has increased from Level 147 to level 148!]

[Your level has increased from Level 148 to level 149!]

[Your level has increased from Level 149 to level 150!]

[Your level has increased from Level 150 to level 151!]

[Your level has increased from Level 151 to level 152!]

[Your level has increased from Level 152 to level 153!]

[Your level has increased from Level 153 to level 154!]

[Your level has increased from Level 154 to level 155!]

[Your level has increased from Level 155 to level 156!]

[Your level has increased from Level 156 to level 157!]

[Your level has increased from Level 157 to level 158!]

[Your level has increased from Level 158 to level 159!]

[Your level has increased from Level 159 to level 160!]

[All your stats have increased!]

A rush of levels emerged before me, so many levels up left me dizzy!

This enormous power… was all accumulating into my body and releasing like an explosion of shining essence of the highest quality! What kind of insane power was this?!

And as the light dissipated, I was able to see my stats dumbfounded….

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [114]

[Gold: [2.605.569]

[Hero Feathers: [1.267.742]

[Hero Fragments: [574.310]

[Job: [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King],

[Skill Points: [955.315]

[Existence Rank: [Pseudo Demi Deity: 9/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Flame Chimaera: Grand Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Refinement Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Enlargement Realm (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management]

[Level: [140/140] -> [160/160]

[Vitality: [1.752.000/1.752.000 -> 2.652.000/2.652.000] [Growth Per Level: 20.000]

[Mana: [2.416.000/2.416.000 -> 3.416.000/3.416.000] [Growth Per Level: 25.000]

[Strength: [1.550.000 -> 2.450.000] [Growth Per Level: 20.000]

[Magic: [2.116.000 -> 3.116.000] [Growth Per Level: 25.000]

[Dexterity: [1.408.000 -> 2.308.000] [Growth Per Level 20.000]

…

What? That is why higher than I am used to… Well, it was 20 levels, not 10 this time, the level cap had raised after all! But even then, this was completely insane, from another world, even!

And…

Ding!

[The power of all your Skills related to the Job had been enhanced!]

[You learned the [Spiritual Divine Spears of Seven Sacred Flames Summon (SSS)] and [Physique and Psyche of the God-Emperor of Divine Spears (SSS)] Skills!]

Two mysterious yet powerful Skills emerged before my eyes, these two skills were nothing but amazing sounding! And in fact, the moment I got them, my power suddenly began to act strange, fusing all the elements of my previous Jobs into this super Job ended making it quite insane!

…

[Spiritual Divine Spears of Seven Sacred Flames Summon (SSS)]

Grants the ability to summon seven powerful Divine Spears made from the user's materialization of their soul and innermost essence, the seven sacred flames divine spears possess seven different colors and represent different elements.

Each spear possesses its own intelligence and can also be controlled at a distance, possessing tremendous and destructive elemental power within.

The spears damage is calculated using the user's Strength and Magic Stat, and can also be given to a subordinate, which will become a {Divine Sacred Seven Colored Spear Wielder}, gaining several abilities as a bonus whenever they are using their designated spear, and enhancing their power exponentially based in the strength of the user's Strength and Magic Stat, being up to a +500% boost to all their capabilities while fighting, each consecutive attack will enhance their power by +20%.

Spears can be fused into the bodies of the wielders for greater damage and power boost, as well, although the mana drained from the summoner will increase exponentially.

…

[Physique and Psyche of the God-Emperor of Divine Spears (SSS)]

Your physique has been refined through the wondrous and powerful essence of the divine flames, as the Dao of the Spear is slowly growing and developing within your Origin.

The power of your soul is enhanced alongside your body to exponential levels, your stats are multiplied by x1.5 every time you use a spear of any type, even made of your own aura.

The power of the spear is enhanced while you wield it, making it ignore 10% of the foe's physical and magical defense.

You are one with the spear, and your entire physical body and soul body are like a sharp and piercing spear, your entire body becomes a spear if you so desire, and spear techniques can be used with your bare fists, foot, head, and anybody or soul part.

Each consecutive attack using spears grants bonus damage of +5% with a maximum of +1000% damage bonus.

…

There was only one word that could describe these wondrous skills…

Insane!

With this, my ability with the spear has been multiplied by enormous quantities…

I am one with the spear…

And what is even the Dao of the Spear? I keep finding it in the Skills descriptions sometimes.

Foreshadow?

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 159 - Enhanced


-----

"Amazing… M-Master's body is shining so brightly! Has he become a god?" wondered Kireina.

"His entire body exudes… something with the spear, and there are sacred flames made of elements dancing around his glorious physique…" said Katrina.

"His soul is just as beautiful as well… Like a million spears made of elemental flames, ready to pierce through anything… How wondrous!" said Katarina.

"Haha… I think you're exaggerating… Anyways, I will change Jobs again, wait a bit." I said.

"Very well, we'll wait downstairs, take your time." Said Kireina, as she led her twins downstairs and left me on my own.

Alright…

[Available Job Options]

[Infernal Frostborn Dracolich Spirit Summoner Demigod]

[Abyssal Phantasmal Nether Flames Hellspawn Lord Summoner Demigod]

[Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]

…

Three new Jobs! And… they look interesting…

The first Job might aid me in summoning Frostborn Dracolich Spirits… What the heck is that?

The second Job seems awfully similar to the previous Hellspawn Summoner Job! But it changed a bit, I guess, now it has the Abyssal word and a few other things…

And the third Job seems to be related about summoning… Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragons?! Isn't that awesome though?

And to top it all, all of them have DEMIGOD on them… Very suspicious.

Well…

[Do you want to exchange 280.000 Gold, 240.000 Hero Feathers, 130.000 Hero Fragments, and 170.000 Skill Points to change Jobs into [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]?]

<Yes> <No>

Yes!

Ding!

[You've exchanged 280.000 Gold, 240.000 Hero Feathers, 130.000 Hero Fragments, and 170.000 Skill Points!]

[You've changed Jobs into [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]!]

BOOOOOOMMM!

Suddenly, I felt like I exploded into pieces!

But this wasn't really an explosion, it was an enormous burst of power!

Divine Essence, perhaps just as powerful as the Celestials, if not higher quality!

My entire body began to overflow with this mystical power, it was as if I was surpassing my limits and breaking through something big, something important!

But what is it?!

The power continued to be poured over my soul without stopping for a millisecond, this power continued overflowing me to the point that I had to leave the house because I was damaging it, and then began to be showered from the divine energy surging from the outside world!

My entire body was purified and enhanced to completely new levels of power… But what was this?!

"Gaia, do you know what exactly is going on with me?!"

"Ah! I am not sure, but I believe this is the process of absorbing Heaven and Earth's Divine Energy to ascend into a Demigod!" said Gaia.

"A Demigod!"

TRUUUUUMMM!

Lightning began to fall over me, tornadoes surged around me, and enormous calamities began to bathe me with agony, only for them to dissipate a second ago, as my body was bathed in divine power.

Is it over?

FLASH!

I looked at my own body to find so many changes…

Ding!

[You have ascended into a [Demigod]!]

[Stockpiled EXP has been distributed!]

[Your level has increased from Level 160 to level 161!]

[Your level has increased from Level 161 to level 162!]

[Your level has increased from Level 162 to level 163!]

[Your level has increased from Level 163 to level 164!]

[Your level has increased from Level 164 to level 165!]

[Your level has increased from Level 165 to level 166!]

[Your level has increased from Level 166 to level 167!]

[Your level has increased from Level 167 to level 168!]

[Your level has increased from Level 168 to level 169!]

[Your level has increased from Level 169 to level 160!]

[Your level has increased from Level 170 to level 171!]

[Your level has increased from Level 171 to level 172!]

[Your level has increased from Level 172 to level 173!]

[Your level has increased from Level 173 to level 174!]

[Your level has increased from Level 174 to level 175!]

[Your level has increased from Level 175 to level 176!]

[Your level has increased from Level 176 to level 177!]

[Your level has increased from Level 177 to level 178!]

[Your level has increased from Level 178 to level 179!]

[Your level has increased from Level 179 to level 180!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[Your stat growth has been increased!]

And I leveled up to max Level once more…! Ugh…

The amount of power that each level brought wouldn't cause this much pressure and stress over my body and soul, but when all of them came like a falling meteor, it felt rather painful…

My stats were boosted once more through the roof, and my body was flashing with bright yellow light as the flesh beneath my skin was refined into divine flesh, my muscles became divine muscles, and my bones divine bones, even!

My eyesight was augmented, all of my five senses were enhanced to completely crazy levels!

And my soul, oh god, my soul! It began to expand like an endless ocean of divine essence, waving its waves with great vitality and power, moving through my body like flowing oceans that began to enhance my entire physique even more.

It was as if my already godly body was being refined to even godlier levels.

The skills I got from the Celestial King paid an important role here, as they ended fusing with my enhancements and my own body permanently, making me even stronger than I should had ended as a Demigod!

The Level Ups helped greatly in this case, as well, as they boosted my power through the roof and made of my body something similar to a divine artifact… gleaming with essence whenever I looked at.

My skills also began to change, as they converted their power into my soul and fused with it, strengthening it, and benefiting from the divine energy flowing through everything. They began to glow like spheres of light and turned into divine techniques out of the sudden, which were even better versions of skills, and which could be enhanced and used in succession for even greater results…

I hurriedly decided to look at my stats, as many things seem to have changed…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 160 - Divinities


-----

I glanced at my stats, finding out that my Soul and Body had indeed changed…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [High Dhampir (Human)]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [114]

[Gold: [2.325.569]

[Hero Feathers: [1.027.742]

[Hero Fragments: [444.310]

[Job: [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor]

[Skill Points: [785.315]

[Existence Rank: [Demi Deity: 1/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Natal Opening Realm (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management]

[Level: [160/160] -> [180/180]

[Vitality: [2.652.000/2.652.000 -> 4.500.000/4.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 30.000]

[Mana: [3.416.000/3.416.000 -> 8.000.000/8.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 40.000]

[Strength: [2.450.000 -> 4.550.000] [Growth Per Level: 30.000]

[Magic: [3.116.000 -> 6.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 40.000]

[Dexterity: [2.308.000 -> 4.200.000] [Growth Per Level 30.000]

…

Not only there were incredible stats in front of me, but apparently, I had raised into a Demigod by merely leveling up and changing Jobs! What kind of way to raise to Demigodhood is this?

Nonetheless, it worked perfectly!

But that wasn't everything yet…!

Ding!

[You acquired the [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], and [Divinity of Summoning]!]

Divinities?!

I knew it, there was something else to this! And these three Divinities I got right off the bat were the proof… Three to boot! I guess they're the strongest powers I've mastered, Spears, Flames, and Summoning!

But what are divinities?

"In simple terms, Divinities seem to be the divine representation of your great comprehension of a certain aspect. They enhance your power to new levels, to the divine realm! And even more, they let you enhance your body with their power, your entire essence becomes shaped to them, and your power while using attacks related to these divinities is enhanced a lot, but well, check by yourself!" said Gaia.

Alright…!

…

[Divinity of Spears]

The Divinity of the Spear, a powerful and piercing weapon, whose mastery over it has reached the divine realm. Your ability over the Spear is incredible and unmatched by many. Your power with the spear is equal to a Demigod, and your very essence, soul, body, and aura is like that of a spear. Your damage using the Spear in any way shape or form will be enhanced through the use of this Divinity by +20% with each consecutive attack, stacking up to +1000%. Additionally, all your stats increase by +50% any time you use a Spear through this Divinity. Your piercing power and physical defense penetration is enhanced by +100% permanently.

…

[Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames]

The Divinity of the Sacred Golden Flames, a mysterious type of flames whose mastery over it has reached the divine realm. Your ability over these flames is incredible and unmatched by many. Your power with these flames is equal to a Demigod, and your very essence, soul, body, and aura is like that of these flames. Your damage using these flames in any way shape or form will be enhanced through the use of this Divinity by +20% with each consecutive attack, stacking up to +1000%. Additionally, all your stats increase by +50% any time you use these flames through this Divinity. Your flames gain the additional power of burning through anything, and also can inflict the [Curse Burn] Status effect, alongside absorbing life and mana from those inflicted by this status.

…

[Divinity of Summoning]

The Divinity of Summoning, the ability to summon entities to aid you in battle, whose mastery over it has reached the divine realm. Your ability over summoning is incredible and unmatched by many. Your power when summoning entities to bring you aid is equal to a Demigod, and your very essence, soul, body, and aura is shaped into the power to summon. Your Summons power is enhanced through the use of this Divinity by +20% with each consecutive attack that they land in an enemy, stacking up to +1000%. Additionally, all your summons stats increase by +50% any time you bring your summons to battle through this Divinity. Your summons gains unique ways of development, and their total stat growth is enhanced by +200% permanently and can develop new abilities more easily.

…

Divinities were incredible! They were like massive active and passive buffs… With this, not only I get a large amount of power as long as I use Fire and Spears, but all my summons just by attacking enemies gain a lot of power that can stack up to insane levels! And to boot, they even receive passive bonuses to all of their power…

Hmm… I feel like those Demons don't seem as frightening anymore… I wonder if I could get there and wreck them out of the orbit…!

But this power, even now, it is not enough to fight the monster atop the skies… that tentacled thing… But could it be possible to use it to fight against the possibility of the sliced tentacle remaining alive?

Anyways, the moment I gained these divinities, I felt the connection to my summons strengthen. It felt as if they all were now overflowing with a new and inexplicable power. I could sense their stats rising and their growth being enhanced exponentially, it was as if they had been reborn in a way.

I looked over my stats once more, and a small tab saying "divinities" appeared.

"See? Divinities seem like powerful passive and active buffs you can set on yourself and your allies depending in what they're related. But above all, they're related to your comprehension over certain aspects of, from elements to even weapons and techniques, such as fire, spear, and summoning. I suppose you got all three of their categories in one go, amazing! To be expected of my guardian." Said Gaia pridefully.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 161 - Job Changes One Last Time! Evolving!


-----

Looking at my divinities, I was rather surprised by their amazing effects.

Anyways, the moment I gained these divinities, I felt the connection to my summons strengthen. It felt as if they all were now overflowing with new and inexplicable power. I could sense their stats rising and their growth is enhanced exponentially, it was as if they had been reborn in a way.

I looked over my stats once more, and a small tab saying "divinities" appeared.

"See? Divinities seem like powerful passive and active buffs you can set on yourself and your allies depending on what they're related to. But above all, they're related to your comprehension over certain aspects, from elements to even weapons and techniques, such as fire, spear, and summoning. I suppose you got all three of their categories in one go, amazing! To be expected of my guardian." Said Gaia pridefully

"I guess this is what all Demigods get? Were the Celestials Demigods too?" I asked.

"I believe they were in between Pseudo Demi Deity and Demi Deity Realms… But they were stuck at it unless they were to cultivate more, but it seems that most Celestials begin to grow slowly after reaching a certain amount of power naturally. Of course, unlike them, you started weakly but can grow incredibly strong very fast as compensation!" said Gaia.

"I see…"

Ding!

[The power of all your Skills related to the Job had been enhanced!]

[You learned the [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summon (SSS)] and [Divine Physique of the Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon (SSS)] Skills!]

Alongside the divinities, how could I forget the Skills? These were just as awesome as the previous one I got, if not a tad bit better…

…

[Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summon (SSS)]

Your comprehension over the Dao of Summoning continues to increase as you develop, giving you the ability to call upon your Dragon Bloodline and the roots of your Dragon Bloodline to summon the residual essence of dragons, infusing them with new divine power and spiritual energy and summoning powerful elemental spiritual dragons, which can attack independently to deal great amounts of magical and elemental damage or to merge with your allies to enhance their power by +50% with each Dragon over their bodies, giving them the powers of dragons temporarily, up to a maximum of 10 Dragons. Each Dragon can be merged up to 10 times as well, creating powerful and superior versions of unstable power that will detonate after a short amount of time, inflicting tremendous amounts of elemental damage to your foes in a wide radius.

…

[Divine Physique of the Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon (SSS)]

Your Physique has been enhanced into a Divine Level, containing the power of the Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragons, your power while using your Physique Aura is enhanced by +300% and you gain several Dragon Guardians around, resembling elemental spirits that rotate your body and protect you of danger in many different ways. These dragon guardians can be merged into the user's body for a temporal boost to his stats by +50% each one, with a maximum of 10 Dragon Guardians. Additionally, your control over Dragons, your charm with Dragons, and your power and authority over Dragons are enhanced greatly, and you are capable of awakening more of your Dragon Bloodline as a result.

…

Insane! These two wondrous Skills granted me several Abilities right away, now I was even able to summon Spiritual Dragons, who could do a variety of elemental attacks, and even fuse with others on top of the other Spiritual Beasts I was able to summon…

My power over summons had increased to insane degrees, but the Mana Requirements are just as insane, I am glad I got the useful Alma as my walking Mana Battery to keep close… But even with her, I fear I might not be able to have enough mana to use everything! At some point, it will run out and I will feel exhausted, and therefore I will need to rest, god damn it.

Nonetheless, what I got now is good enough, I can't wait to use it all!

But! I cannot slack off yet! I have another Job to change…

…

[Available Job Options]

[Grand Imperial Summoner Demigod]

[Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]

[Elder Sacred Dragon Summoner Demigod]

…

Strange! These three Jobs don't look like the previous ones that much they look pretty straightforward.

And there's a Vampire one? Will I stop being a Dhampir and transition fully into a Vampire if I take it?!

And then there's the Dragon Job…

And what about the first one? It sounds the simplest… I bet it has something special into it, at the very least! …Right?

It's not clickbait to make me think that there is something better there, but in actuality, it is just as lame as it looks compared to the other two?

Well, I have to admit, I wish I could pick all three, this is a difficult decision to take.

However, because I was getting tired of Summoners and Dragons, I picked the option I had least developed!

Ding!

[Do you want to exchange 350.000 Gold, 300.000 Hero Feathers, 180.000 Hero Fragments, and 220.000 Skill Points to change Jobs into [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]?]

<Yes> <No>

Yes!

Ding!

[You've exchanged 350.000 Gold, 300.000 Hero Feathers, 180.000 Hero Fragments, and 220.000 Skill Points!]

[You've changed Jobs into [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]!]

FLASH!

My entire body was shrouded in the crimson-red blood-like aura of the Vampire Job, as my race was easily upgraded…

Ding!

[You've evolved into a [Abyssal Blood Vampire]!]

That was fast!

Alongside that, my entire body began to tremble, my bones, muscles, and internal organs, everything began to twist around constantly, renewing itself from all of this new power!

I could feel it all through my bones, this power was truly something great…

Even my vision got dizzy and strange, I was getting somewhere I had yet to step on.

Just what was this insane feeling?

And in just a second, it all ended with a poof! Sound, as all the crimson-red aura dissipated.

I had evolved.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 162 - Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod


-----

Ding!

[You've exchanged 350.000 Gold, 300.000 Hero Feathers, 180.000 Hero Fragments, and 220.000 Skill Points!]

[You've changed Jobs into [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]!]

FLASH!

My entire body was shrouded in the crimson-red blood-like aura of the Vampire Job, as my race was easily upgraded…

Ding!

[You've evolved into a [Abyssal Blood Vampire]!]

I had evolved!

I was no longer your run-of-the-mill High Dhampir, but a full-fledged Vampire.

And what it took was just to change Jobs?!

This Job System Function is really the most broken!

Ding!

[You've acquired the [Divinity of Blood]!]

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Abyssal Blood Vampire] (Evolved!)

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [114]

[Gold: [1.975.569]

[Hero Feathers: [727.742]

[Hero Fragments: [264.310]

[Job: [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]

[Skill Points: [565.315]

[Existence Rank: [Demi Deity: 2/9 (Initial Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood] (New!)

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: High Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Initial Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Natal Opening Realm (Initial Stage -> Upper Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management]

[Level: [180/210] (Level Cap Increased!)

[Vitality: [4.500.000/4.500.000 -> 7.500.000/7.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 50.000]

[Mana: [8.000.000/8.000.000 -> 10.500.000/10.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 70.000]

[Strength: [4.550.000 -> 7.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 50.000]

[Magic: [6.500.000 -> 9.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 70.000]

[Dexterity: [4.200.000 -> 6.800.000] [Growth Per Level 50.000]

…

My stats increased way too much this time… This is ridiculous.

I even got a new Divinity! But it seems that there are no more automatic leveling, I had already spent all the stockpiled EXP I had on me. And it feels so good to have used it all…

I had also reached Rank 2 of the Demigod Realm, and my Beast Orb had increased… Wait, it changed without me knowing?

Indeed, my Beast Orb had, on simple terms, evolved.

Instead of just being Golden Flames Chimaera, it evolved into a Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon! So it is a Dragon now?

I released my Beast Spirit after infusing Beast Ki into the Beast Orb, and the enormous dragon emerged, made of iridescent golden flames, and with many otherworldly features, it was really a chimera, it even had multiple heads…

A truly strange monster, it is definitely stranger and different than any other Beast Spirit I've ever seen from other Beast Orb Users, but well, I've only seen a few, barely. There is a whole world to see them where they originated, but this world was similar to the Celestials World, filled with tremendous amounts of Beast Ki everywhere, which made every monster there gigantic, the Rat we had fought was already a Pseudo Demigod, and it might have been the smallest monster in that world of giants…

That only… makes it more exciting to visit! I don't know, but it seems that my personality has shifted ever since all of this started… I had definitely become braver and more reckless in some parts… I've never thought I would be so excited to one day enter such a dangerous world to look for power and treasures before, I have really gone mental…

Sigh…

I guess it is natural to go insane after all I've gone through.

Ding!

[The power of all your Skills related to the Job had been enhanced!]

[You learned the [Abyssal Blood Vampire Demigod Physique and Psyche (SSS)] and [Abyssal Crimson Blood Vampire Demigod Summoner (SSS)] Skills!]

Two new Skills! And I also have to check the divinity… Let's check them all.

…

[Divinity of Blood]

The Divinity of Blood, the crimson-red primordial liquid that flows through the bodies of most living beings whose mastery over it has reached the divine realm. Your ability over Blood is incredible and unmatched by many. Your power with Blood is equal to a Demigod, and your very essence, soul, body, and aura are like that of Blood. Your damage using Blood in any way shape or form will be enhanced through the use of this Divinity by +20% with each consecutive attack, stacking up to +1000%. Additionally, all your stats increase by +50% any time you use Blood through this Divinity. Your Blood can be controlled with utmost ease and enhanced, crystalized, and detonated in a variety of Blood Arts to damage your foes using your Blood Divinity, additionally, those that share your Bloodline receive a permanent boost to all their stat growth by +200%. Your Blood is an elixir and can be drunk to restore Mana and Vitality as well as regenerate the soul.

…

At this point, the only thing I can say about this is "to be expected of a divinity" because these effects are just as outstanding as the other divinities.

There are several interesting effects, such as making my blood an elixir that even restores mana (doesn't work for me), and other things. It can even be used to enhance my blood control (which I've been ignoring because I have better powers to use) and make my blood a true weapon now…

The possibilities are interesting, although it didn't say anything about being able to control other people's blood. I would assume that I could if the foe I am fighting is weak enough, but if they are as strong as someone near my power level, if not higher, then the effect might be not as effective.

But this is all just my speculation, it could be anything at this point, however, a big of practice reveals to me that I can crystalize my blood and make it as hard as metal, if not even harder.

My Mana has also gained a certain divine-like essence, it is certainly stronger and richer now.

Now, onwards to the Skills.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 163 - The Powers Of A Vampire


-----

Now that I was almost done with this, I slowly walked back home while inspecting the new Skills. I had ended escaping the room because the power I was getting from Job Changes and my ascendance into Demigod were making the entire house tremble, and I didn't know how long Annabelle could withstand before breaking apart…

…

[Abyssal Blood Vampire Demigod Physique and Psyche (SSS)]

You have the psyche and physique of an Abyssal Blood Vampire Demigod, your power and comprehension over the Law of Blood and the Dao of Vampirism have increased by a small amount and their comprehension speed has been enhanced exponentially.

Your physique has been refined through a ritual of blood and your closeness with the Blood Attribute has never been this high, due to this, all your capabilities while wielding blood attributes are enhanced by 500%.

Your comprehension speed of the Blood Law is increased by 500% while hastening your comprehension over the Dao of Vampirism by 500%.

Your damage dealt using a Blood-attribute attack is enhanced by 200%, Blood-attribute damage towards you is reduced by 70%, and you absorb 30% of that damage into Vitality and Mana.

Your body naturally produces an aura of life-draining crimson-red essence that can damage any foes around your vicinity within 20 meters of you and drain their vitality.

Your Soul and Body had been shrouded by the essence of Blood, and several supernatural capabilities can be developed.

…

This Skill alone was incredible, it was similar to the equivalent of the Physique of Flames I had acquired when I fought against the Celestials and Slarkobs.

Though, I still can't see stuff like Laws and Daos, what is that all about? I'll ask Gaia after checking this other skill…

…

[Abyssal Crimson Blood Vampire Demigod Summoner (SSS)]

Your soul grows closer with the Law of Blood and the Dao of Vampirism, despite never having been born as a Vampire, through your supernatural powers, you are developing abilities that only Vampires can.

Your power over Blood is tremendous, you can wield your blood as your weapon or armor in any shape or form. Your blood can be drunk as a precious elixir, and you can also control the blood of others to an extent limited by the difference in power level and distance, being the maximum distance that you can control blood from being 10 meters.

Your body can stockpile endless quantities of blood and create an internal Blood Sea, which will feed on your Blood Attribute Abilities and enhance the quality of your Blood Attributes Particles, cultivating your Blood Sea will be essential to showcase the true power of a Vampire alongside your Blood Core.

Using accumulated Blood and Mana, you can merge your comprehension of the Law of Blood, the Dao of Vampirism, and the Dao of Summoning to summon armies of Blood Soldiers of all shapes and sizes that can also be customizable, or you can enhance the power by fusing them into your allies. Blood Magic can be developed accordingly, and new spells can be created.

…

Interesting, this brings a lot of possibilities to the table… I will have to slowly assess this new power; it seems to be way more incredible than I had originally believed.

Picking this Job was a good choice.

Though, I wonder if I could have gotten something similar but different if I had picked the other options! Now I can't find out either because I have to level up 30 levels to even discover my next Job.

And the level cap increased again… Well, I expected that I suppose the stronger I grow, the longer the amount of EXP I need to break through.

When I went back home, I had to explain things out to everyone there, but they kind of understood what happened to me.

"We had ground for a long time in the dungeons, it is understandable that master had a lot of power…" said Kireina.

"Nonetheless, that was pretty crazy…" said Katrina.

"Haha! Are these occurrences common in here?" chuckled Katarina.

"Well done, Master. You're now a demigod. How does it feel?" asked Ervas.

"Tell us." Said Erubas.

The two half-demon kids glanced at me with interest.

"Well, it feels like… I guess I feel stronger, and aside from such an obvious thing, it feels as if I was lighter… More importantly, my senses… became rather expanded, like… It feels as if my eyes were all around a 20-kilometer radius of me. Meaning that I can see through a long distance. I can even see where my eye shouldn't be able to see… All of my senses expanded into this gigantic domain." I said.

"Oh! That's certainly interesting, it probably means that you won't be as surprised by enemy attacks anymore!" said Kireina.

"Maybe…"

After chatting with them for a while, having breakfast, going to the dungeon, and then having lunch, I asked Gaia a few things in my break time.

"Laws and Daos? It seems that I cannot really look into them. There's a certain and strange barrier blocking my sight over them, it feels strange, but it might mean that you cannot access it yet… You require to reach higher levels of power, most likely… Or directly get these powers by something else than just Skills, which only hasten the comprehension." Said Gaia.}

"But from what I can understand, Laws govern a certain element of nature, while Dao is a concept even higher than Laws, which merges several Laws into a powerful ability, Daos… You seem to be comprehending the Dao of Summoning, the Dao of Vampirism, and the Dao of the Spear the most… But even then, you might be quite far off from it." Said Gaia.

"Is there not Dao of Fire?"

"No, there is a Law of Fire, which you've been comprehending through the Job Changes… But Dao seems to be made of Laws, which are these basic elements, so it's impossible for a Dao representing just an element to exist, as they are natural compounds of them." Said Gaia.

"Hm, I see… And what about Attribute Particles?"

"Oh… That's… I think we could let you see them…!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 164 - Attribute Particles


-----

"See them?"

"Apparently, there are attribute particles for every attribute there is in this Universe. Other universes might have their own unique attributes, but they all have some in common as well…" said Gaia.

"Is that so? Do you know something more?"

"Yes… Let's see… Ah, there. There are three types of Attributes, Basic Attributes, Diverged Attributes, and Greater Attributes!" said Gaia.

"And they are…?"

"The Basic Attributes are the basis of all of them, they're the concepts of heaven and earth, the very roots of the elements that create Reality as a whole. And they are Earth, Fire, Water, Wind, Space, Time, Life, Death, Dark, and Light!" said Gaia.

"I see… Makes sense, they do seem indeed to be the most basic of attributes out there. They make the things we all see every day and are also concepts such as life and death, which seem very essential."

"Indeed! Then there are Diverged Attributes. Diverged Attributes are made by the combination of Basic Attributes, they are rare than the Basic Attributes and seem to encompass not just natural things, but also the combination between Basic Attributes that might also occur in nature… Which is Illusion/Emotions, Dream/Nightmares, Phantom, Blood, Poison, Soul, Nature, Thunder, Ice, and War/Strength," said Gaia.

"I see. They do indeed are not as common. But are also the byproduct of the basic attributes interacting with one another, such as Life with Water and other elements bringing Blood, right?"

"Indeed! And lastly, there are the Greater Attributes, these are made by combining all Basic and Diverged Attributes together and twisting them into different concepts, the Greater Attributes are Chaos, Fate, Law, Void, and System. These Attributes are incredibly powerful and occur in the outer areas of the Universe, the Multiverse, and perhaps the Outer Dimensional Void, where the tremendous convergence of Attributes and pressures create these attributes through special catastrophic means. Such as a gigantic Black Hole, a Chaotic Cluster, a Law-Ruled World, and the rarest of them all, an artificial System." Said Gaia.

"I-I see. A bit confusing but I kind of get it now. So System is their own attribute? I didn't know such a thing…"

"It is true, System originates from many Universes, the transcendental creation of a System has even been used by the Great One Above all Creation to make Supreme System Tickets, which he distributed randomly. You possess a great deal of this Attribute Particles, the more you unlock through development, the stronger your System grows and develops." Said Gaia.

"Interesting… Can you add the Attribute Particles so I can see them?"

"Of course, I've done it already. After you become a Demigod, it becomes possible to showcase them." Said Gaia.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Abyssal Blood Vampire]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [114]

[Gold: [1.975.569]

[Hero Feathers: [727.742]

[Hero Fragments: [264.310]

[Job: [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]

[Skill Points: [565.315]

[Existence Rank: [Demi Deity: 2/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: High Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Natal Opening Realm (Upper Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management]

[Level: [180/210]

[Vitality: [7.500.000/7.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 50.000]

[Mana: [10.500.000/10.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 70.000]

[Strength: [7.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 50.000]

[Magic: [9.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 70.000]

[Dexterity: [6.800.000] [Growth Per Level 50.000]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 2.500], [Fire: 15.500], [Water: 2.500], [Wind: 2.500], [Space: 6.500], [Time: 4.000], [Life: 5.000], [Death: 14.000], [Dark: 6.500], [Light: 4.000]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 2.000], [Dream/Nightmare: 2.000], [Phantom: 8.500], [Blood: 12.500], [Poison: 2.500], [Soul: 20.000], [Nature: 3.000], [Thunder: 3.000], [Ice: 5.500], [War/Strength: 18.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 5.500], [Fate: 10.000], [Void: 4.000], [Law: 6.500], [System: 20.000]

…

I checked my stats and there they were! The attribute particles showed up by themselves right after the other stats, and they have a lot of numbers, the more you have, the stronger your offense and defense around that element become.

"Every 1000 Attribute Particles, you get a +1% increase in elemental damage and elemental defense in that attribute, furthermore, your comprehension of their Law is amplified and its speed as well. Accumulating as many attribute particles as you can from every element is a must. Especially because your Summoning Abilities use them all through the multi-elemental beast spirits and so on… your higher attribute particles are the ones you've taken the most Jobs of. Jobs seem to particularly increase your Attribute Particles alongside stats…" said Gaia.

"I see… So that's why my Fire, Death, Blood, and War Attribute Particles are so high compared with the rest? Due to the Jobs, I've taken?"

"Indeed. Fire is obvious, Death is because of your Necromancy, alongside Phantom and Soul, although Soul seems to relate more to your soul development. Aside from that, Blood is due to your recent Race Evolution, and War through the Spear Jobs specialization. There are more sprinkled here and there, the most notable one is System, which is because of the reasons I had given you and explained to you earlier." Said Gaia.

"I see… Is there any other way to increase them than just by leveling up a Job and changing to another Job?" I asked.

"That way is the easiest, and many would wish to have such a power. But there seems to be, within the data I have discovered, to be other old-fashioned ways of doing it. One of them is by collecting resource points named Divine Materials and placing them inside Demigods' Divine Realms, located inside their Souls Divine Cores…" said Gaia.

"Divine Realms? And Divine Materials?"

What was that?

------

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 165 - Divine Realm?


-----

"Divine Realms are a special inner space formed inside a Demigod's Divine Soul Core when they ascend, it is a special space where they can live by placing the space within spatial layers and also cultivate divine materials as resources… Oh, kind of like your Inner World, with the Farming System which keeps upgrading itself and growing bigger." Said Gaia.

"How strange, but I didn't get any when I became a Demigod, could the Inner World by my Divine Realm?" I asked.

Gaia began to inspect around, and I did the same.

We suddenly realized that the Inner World had grown around 10 times as big, and resembled a gigantic floating continent now, not an island.

The biome had been upgraded a lot, rivers and other places flowed more freely, and the status of the Inner World had been upgraded several Ranks through this ascension.

"Alongside the appearance of dungeons and more, this is another strange thing that had happened, just because you've become stronger… Could it be? The Inner World must be already your divine realm, Guardian!" said Gaia.

"Eh? So fast?" I asked.

"Indeed! Why don't you check the Inner World Status? Oh! Look, there are over 10 more farming fields free now…" said Gaia, pointing at me.

Indeed, the former farming field had been expanded over the days up to 20, but now there were 10 more, where we can plant all sorts of magical vegetables and put high-quality soil into it for them to grow fast… all of it in just becoming a Demigod.

These vegetables are great because they grow in just two or three days and can be distributed all around the people of my inner world, they boost their stats and even give them skills, so it is crucial for their growth.

But now, there are ten more fields! With this, we can surely produce more. Spending Gold will not be much of an issue, I believe I can maintain a stable balance through the gold I get daily from the Annexed Lands, which had also grown bigger and harbor more monsters inside.

Additionally, each Dungeon Clear brings more Gold Coins to the market, which I buy by selling and giving materials, so it all returns to me, it is a stable way to maintain a small economy, I guess.

Each farming field was 60 Slots for plants, but now that we got 30, that means… 1800 Slots for plants! But even then, with the thousands of people we got, it's clearly not enough… But good enough for now!

…

<Inner World System Function>

[Inner World Owner]: [Gustav]

[Main Land]: [Grand Verdant Grassland Floating Continent: Rank 4] (Rank Up!)

[Main Land Special Areas]: [Magic Farm: Rank 4], [Cattle Farm: Rank 4], [Grand Fishing Oceanic Lake: Rank 4], [Various Dungeons: Varied Ranks], [To be unlocked], […]

[Annexed Lands]: [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Grounds]

[Inner World Traits]: [Artificial Weather], [Time Dilation: 1:10], [Enhanced Essence Recovery], [Enhanced Land Mass], [Enhanced Soil Quality], [Divine Energy Flow]

<Main Land Status>

[Grand Verdant Grassland Floating Continent]

[Main Land Rank]: [Rank 4]

[Land Magic Essence]: [C-Grade]

[Land Quality]: [C-Grade]

[Land Size]: [C-Grade]

[Traits]: [Small Forest (C-Grade)] x30, [Clear Water River (C-Grade)] x45, [Large Lake (C-Grade)] x10, [Magic Ore Mountain (C-Grade)] x10

<Main Land Special Areas Status>

[Magic Farm]

[Special Area Rank]: [Rank 4]

[Farm Quality]: [C-Grade]

[Farm Size]: [C-Grade]

[Soil Nutrients]: [C-Grade]

[Soil Freshness]: [C-Grade]

[Soil Humidity]: [C-Grade]

[Soil Magic Essence]: [C-Grade]

[Traits]: [Enhanced Plant Growth Speed (C-Grade)], [Enhanced Soil Quality (C-Grade)], [Magic Essence Gathering (C-Grade)], [Rare Trait Blessing (C-Grade)], [Hybrid Plant Mutation (C-Grade)], [Yet to be unlocked], […]

…

I looked at the status as I found that it had increased to two Ranks in one sitting! I had increased it to Rank 2 after a long time, but now, it got up to Rank 4 after I became a Demigod! And the quality of everything was increased up to C-Rank, to boot!

And even more, the Mainland gained some new and amazing traits, and the Magic Farm as well. Aside from the Magic Farm, there is now a Cattle Farm where I can buy special magical cattle animals from other worlds and let them stay in here to multiply for food or to produce special types of products, such as wool, milk, and eggs. Plus, there was a large lake, the largest there was in the middle of this floating continent, resembling a small ocean, it was a Fishing area where one could place special magic fishes from different worlds as well… let them stay here by putting different types of algae, plankton, and more, and build a marine ecosystem to fish for every day! With this, we got another resource for food aside from monster meat.

And the farm too got some new and interesting traits, it can now mix the breeds of plants and create powerful and even better hybrids, although this only happens randomly. And vegetables can also grow with special traits that make them greater or bigger.

Kireina who was at my side suddenly noticed a Walking Radish that had grown enough to be harvested… but it was weird.

"Huh? Why is it glowing?"

She took it out with a bit of strength, and the Walking Radish showed to be glowing with gold color! It was as if it was made of gold!

…

[Golden Supreme Walking Radish (A-Grade)]

A Special Walking Radish blessed by luck and good sunlight, shines brighter than gold and can enhance all stats permanently by a small amount after consumption, while increasing Fortune Essence by a small amount.

…

This…!

"Amazing, it can even give fortune?!" asked Kireina.

"Indeed… These are rare though, but they could easily help us grow stronger if they appear in larger quantities, and they are way higher quality than the rest at E-Rank… Amazing!"

"It seems that I was right, the Inner World given to you by the System has become your divine realm, and it received all the power your divine realm would have received. Perhaps it is now placed inside of your divine soul core as well." Said Gaia.

"Interesting…"

I ended spending the rest of the day farming and planting all sorts of vegetables.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 166 - Relieving Stress And Progress


-----

After the radical Job Changes and more, I had ended spending the next two weeks peacefully. I needed to recover from my previous stress and get as healthy as possible before going out.

We are mostly dedicated to attending the farms, take care of cattle animals, hunt in the dungeon, and explore my "Divine Realm"/Inner World. The land had expanded greatly but there was a large lack of divine materials, I had conversed with Gaia about this, and she had said that there might be a few Divine Materials around Earth, mostly areas that were teleported from other worlds when the Dimensional Convergence happened.

Something similar to this would be like the Poison Forest where our fellow flesh creature insects were, that place according to Gaia was filled with essence, very rich essence which was of the Poison Attribute, such a place was something like a pseudo divine material, so I had decided to come to pick it up this morning.

I went outside of my Inner World for the first time in over a month and traveled down the path where I was left, reaching where I had started my journey in the Apocalypse.

There were still some monsters roaming around, but the immense armies of them had not emerged anymore.

After reaching the forest, I saw that a large part of it was still intact despite me burning it a lot. It seems that it had regrown by itself, but the monsters that used to inhabit it were gone, and now some strange new monsters had come, resembling butterflies, large caterpillars, and monkey-like beetles. They were all weak D-Rank monsters at most, but I didn't kill them, and instead suppressed them with a wave of Mind-Controlling Psionic Energy using the power I had acquired from the Slarkobs Ability Spheres.

The monsters calmed themselves after this, effectively doing what I call pseudo-taming. Although they didn't appear as tamed monsters until a bit of time happened.

After this, I used my Psychokinesis, with the aid of my summons, such as Ervas and Erubas, and also Alma who was the most proficient at Telekinesis, we moved the entire landmass where the entire forest was placed inside my Inner World quite easily.

I moved it to a faraway from the city and merged the ground with this new poison ground. Sometime after that, the place began to leak a new poisonous essence, alongside other lesser attributes, this was place indeed a pseudo divine material.

Through the absorption of my divine energy into it, the entire forest began to grow bountifully, in a few days inside my Inner World, it doubled its size, and I ended gaining extra stats and even Poison Attribute Particles, alongside Nature Attribute Particles and Life Attribute Particles! I couldn't believe that just putting this forest would give me this much power.

Gaia guided me around the area, telling me to grab certain areas that could have the potential to become divine materials. We ended putting inside a large mountain of various colors, another mountain of red crystals, and a whole lake infected with a ton of strange fishes and algae.

After a few days, they were nourished by the divine realm's essence and became divine materials as if they were monsters evolving after eating a lot of tasty food or something. This made me gain some more stats, alongside more attribute particles of all types, although it wasn't anything too crazy, it was still some progress. Even if slow, progress is progress.

After that, I went inside my Inner World to rest for some time, my level had barely increased by four through all these days, I think that the big grind I did in those daily dungeons made to power level too fast, and I ended hitting a bit bottleneck once more. I need a lot of EXP to make a difference. My strongest summons and tamed monsters such as Kireina and Cuco had also reached a level similar to mine, so they're kind of stuck. Well, they're pretty strong though.

I decided to check my stats after this whole time.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Abyssal Blood Vampire]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [117]

[Gold: [3.675.569]

[Hero Feathers: [866.742]

[Hero Fragments: [415.340]

[Job: [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]

[Skill Points: [766.426]

[Existence Rank: [Demi Deity: 2/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: High Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Natal Opening Realm (Upper Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management]

[Level: [180/210] -> [184/210]

[Vitality: [7.500.000/7.500.000 -> 7.600.000/7.600.000] [Growth Per Level: 50.000]

[Mana: [10.500.000/10.500.000 -> 10.780.000/10.780.000] [Growth Per Level: 70.000]

[Strength: [7.000.000 -> 7.200.000] [Growth Per Level: 50.000]

[Magic: [9.000.000 -> 9.280.000] [Growth Per Level: 70.000]

[Dexterity: [6.800.000 -> 7.000.000] [Growth Per Level 50.000]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 4.500], [Fire: 16.000], [Water: 5.500], [Wind: 3.500], [Space: 7.000], [Time: 4.500], [Life: 6.000], [Death: 14.500], [Dark: 6.500], [Light: 4.500]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 2.200], [Dream/Nightmare: 2.200], [Phantom: 8.500], [Blood: 13.000], [Poison: 4.500], [Soul: 21.000], [Nature: 5.000], [Thunder: 3.000], [Ice: 5.500], [War/Strength: 18.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 5.500], [Fate: 10.000], [Void: 4.000], [Law: 6.500], [System: 20.000]

…

They had indeed increased quite a bit, the stats in just four levels had gained hundreds of thousands of points, and the other attribute particles had increased quite generously…

I think it is about time to get these demons out of my planet.

Of course, before that, Anna had prepared some equipment for me, my main equipment has been upgraded at long last, after days and days of fusing equipment…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 167 - New And Upgraded Equipment!


-----

Anna and I have been working all these last two weeks, probably even more, into this. We had spent a lot of gold too, and even other resources as well. This is why they had not increased as much through all this time.

"Probably our finest work so far, Master, it was fun to do it with you." Said Anna.

"Indeed! Anna-chan is so talented!" said Veronica.

Veronica had also joined us. She had developed the ability to manipulate materials similar to her original version after leveling and unlocking more and more skills, and her relationship with me and Anna had strengthened as we worked together for days.

More than I would have expected, in fact… Yesterday, they had said to "not be able to hold back anymore" and ended assaulting me in bed, apparently, they had already gotten the approbation from Kireina without my permission… And I… I suppose a lot of things happened after that.

I don't really mind this at this point, so many crazy things had happened that this was nothing too surprising, I already knew that Anna was into me because she was always acting cute and looking at me intensively. I had decided to just thoroughly embrace her in bed and Veronica too, who got mixed into this due to Anna.

Nonetheless, enjoying an entire day of hard passion with the two had left me quite tired, but today I had woken up quite refreshed and had recovered faster than other times, even when Kireina and her "twins" assaulted me this morning as well, being a Demigod just makes you more resilient in this kind of stuff.

I checked the equipment in detail now, we had worked hard into this by fusing over many piles of equipment drops we got from the last big war and also from the dungeon, but the results had made it, so the new equipment was able to Rank Up to the next Rarity Realm, which was close to my current Existence Realm too.

Equipment rarity goes like this, F, E, D, C, B, A, S, SS, SSS, Mythical, Legendary, Phantasmal, Heavenly, and so on… Before the war, the equipment was upgraded to Legendary Rank, and now it has become Phantasmal Rank after so much hard work.

…

<Weapon>

[Rainbow-Colored Spiritual Golden Divine Elemental Spear of Oblivion: Gungnir Valhalla (Phantasmal-Rank+++)]

[Durability: 850.000/850.000]

[Attack Power: 750.000]

[Essence Conductivity: 800.000]

[Weapon Speed: 900.000]

[Traits: [Divine Weapon (SSS)], [Evolving Divine Weapon (SSS)], [Automatic Divine Reconstruction (SSS)], [Annihilation Renewal (SSS)], [Divine Essence Conductivity (SSS)], [Divine Judgement (SSS)], [Evil-Cleansing Divine Flare (SSS)], [World-Destroying Divine Storms (SSS)], [Soul Destruction (SSS)], [Divine Skill Enhancement (SSS)], [Seven Elements Requiem (SSS)], [Unhealing Accursed Wounds (SSS)], [Life Bestowal (SSS)], [Gungnir (SSS)], [Super Enhanced Otherworldly Alloy (SSS)], [Divine Shape Adjustment (SSS)], [Divinity Element Sharing (SSS)]

[Special Traits: [All Stats +500.000 (Phantasmal)], [Enhanced Divinity Mastery (Phantasmal)], [Divine Power Fusion (Phantasmal)]

[Abilities: [Grand Heavenly Domain: Valhalla (Phantasmal)], [One Thousand Divine Piercing Thrusts (Phantasmal)], [Sacred Holy Judgement (Phantasmal)]

…

<Body>

[Sacred Abyssal Divine Blight Dawn Summoner Guardian Set (Phantasmal-Rank+++)]

[Durability: 1.000.000/1.000.000]

[Essence Conductivity: 800.000]

[Physical Defense: 850.000]

[Magical Defense: 950.000]

[Traits: [Divine Equipment (SSS)], [Evolving Divine Equipment (SSS)], [Automatic Divine Reconstruction (SSS)], [Status Effect Immunity (SSS)], [Divine Essence Conductivity (SSS)], [Divine Fire Enhancement (SSS)], [Divine Storms Enhancement (SSS)], [Divine Golden Aura Ward (SSS)], [Divine Essence Absorption (SSS)], [Divine Holy Ward (SSS)], [Divine Elemental Ward (Fire, Wind, Water) (SSS)], [Hyper-Enhanced Magic Technology Super Body Suit (SSS)], [Alchemist Master (SSS)], [Divine Protection (SSS)], [Enhanced All Element Resistance (SSS)], [Environment Adaptability (SSS)], [Divine Equipment Size Alteration (SSS)]

[Special Traits: [All Stats +500.000 (Phantasmal)], [Enhanced Divine Defense (Phantasmal)], [Enhanced Divine Resistance (Phantasmal)]

[Abilities: [Greater Divine Summon Enhancement (Phantasmal)], [Divine Shield (Phantasmal)], [Divine Barrier (Phantasmal)]

…

<Accessory>

[Divine Demonic Ring of Malicious Infernal Souls (Phantasmal-Rank+++)]

[Durability: 600.000/600.000]

[Essence Conductivity: 900.000]

[Bonus Stats: 500.000]

[Traits: [Divine Accessory (SSS)], [Divine Evolving Accessory (SSS)], [Automatic Divine Reconstruction (SSS)], [Divine Essence Conductivity (SSS)], [Demonic Corrosion Aura (SSS)], [Infernal Abyssal Shadow Spear (SSS)], [Lucifer's Fortune (SSS)], [Divine Multi-Elemental Spirit Blessing (SSS)], [Chronology Watch (SSS)], [Hydrokinesis (SSS)], [Devil Necromancy (SSS)], [Abyssal Phoenix Feather (SSS)], [All Elemental Blessing Enhancement (SSS)], [Divine Spiritual Calling (SSS)]

[Special Traits: [All Stats +500.000 (Phantasmal)], [Enhanced Devil's Fortune (Phantasmal)], [Equipment Combination (Phantasmal)]

[Abilities: [Divine Fortune Siphon (Phantasmal)], [Devour Fortune (Phantasmal)], [Divine Fortune Bestowal (Phantasmal)]

…

And there they were. All three of them acquired large amounts of new Abilities.

There were new things such as Special Traits and Abilities. Special Traits were… well, special traits, which could enhance into Phantasmal Rank and more, things that the normal Traits seemingly couldn't get to. These Traits were stronger and offered special benefits, such as Bonus stats, or enhancing the aspect of a Trait.

Abilities on the other side were like skills that needed to be activated, from releasing one thousand thrusts using my spear to generating shields and barriers, or even giving me the power to steal, edit, and even grant Fortune even more easily than before, these were Abilities, and they sounded honestly quite broken. They needed a lot of Mana to activate, however, One Thousand Thrusts required around 1 million mana to activate once, although its power was devastating.

These new equipment sets were incredible, and I quickly equipped them all, gaining a large amount of new power flowing across my body.

Oh right, I can also equip them over normal clothes and then use the [Invisible Equipment] Function, turning the equipment invisible unless I want it to be seen, I can also make it incorporeal, even, and the stats and effects they grant will be kept. Quite convenient.

With this done, I had decided to plan my raid into the Demon Settlements…

-----

Meanwhile, as Gustav prepared for a new war, the Demons celebrated the arrival of new leaders.

Thousands of monstrous and horrifying creatures celebrated, raising their grotesque arms and appearances, roaring in happiness with their grotesque voices as they saw a figure emerge from within an enormous red tower.

It emanated a tremendous amount of power!

And this entity was not the only one like this that had just arrived here, as it was quickly greeted by three more!

"So you're here at long last."

"Now that the Celestials and Slarkobs are gone, we can do whatever we want here…"

"Let's play around thoroughly~"

"Hmph, we'll see… The one that defeated them… is clearly not a normal mortal."

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 168 - The Infernal Generals


-----

Demons! Creatures from myths and religions, which actually existed in other planes of existence, Dimensions.

The Infernal Gates that led to the Dimension of Demons connected to several other dimensions which had a close connection with it, however, there was no such thing as a connection to this dimension within Earth's dimension.

Nonetheless, when the Dimensional Convergence happened, Demons leaked into Earth just as much as any other entity from other dimensions.

The World of Demons had only sent a few armies of their lower ranked and lesser demons to scout the area, only to find that powerful groups of entities had already sent their own scouting teams, such as the Slarkobs and the Celestials.

Due to this, the powerful Infernal Entities that existed in this world had been wary of them, and had only pretended to have sent some swarms of demons as wild monsters than anything else.

However, due to unprecedented circumstances, these two major groups of invaders who were taking over the planet was suddenly stopped and slaughtered mercilessly by a third party, an army of powerful beings capable of fighting both parties at the same time and kill them both!

Who could these beings had been?

The powerful entities that dominated the Demon World were left speechless after learning these news, even more when they saw the planet itself closing the Dimensional Cracks that led to the Slarkobs and Celestial Worlds for the time being, quickly reducing the amount of foreign energies melding into the planet.

They had already see how the entities of the World of Beasts had decided to retreat as well, closing the Dimensional Crack as it didn't wanted to risk letting an enemy with such terrifying potential it could grow so strong in just a few days…

However, aside from the initial report, the Demon Entities that governed the Demon World were left in the blue.

Should they risk it and try to conquer this world to devour their rich Core, or simply abandon it?

The Demons had discussed this thoroughly but decided to send four members of their Lower Rank Elites, named Infernal Generals!

Infernal Generals were beings that had already reached a level of power similar if not a big higher than a Demigod, their Demonic Energy was rich, and their Demon Cores were overflowing with tremendous quantities of power.

Demonic Energy underwent changes after Demons were to evolve into higher ranks, becoming Infernal Energy, of a higher and even more powerful quality that could easily overpower Demon Energy users.

As the Elite of the Lower Ranked Demons, these four Generals stood at the pinnacle of the "mortal" Demons and had already transcended into Infernals.

The powerful entities that dominated the demon world had many other worlds to pick up and devour, due to this, they decided to employ these four powerful Infernal Generals alongside a few more swarms of Demons to conquer Earth, deciding that four Demigod-level Demons were more than enough to destroy anything that could defeat a Celestial King, a being at the peak of Pseudo Demi Deities and the powerful Motherships of the Slarkobs.

However, even if something unprecedented might happen, they could always pull back at any time, all of such hegemonies within these interdimensional worlds were filled with resources and overflowing power, they were the groups that governed these dimensions entirely, and had grown bored and stagnated after so long, the Dimensional Convergence offered the possibility of expand their worlds as interdimensional empires, conquering other worlds was something easy for such high-level worlds such as the Demon World, Celestials World, Beast World, and so on.

But of course, these did not know nor were completely aware that Earth possessed the power of a Player, a mortal gifted with the power of a Supreme System given by the Great One Above All Creation in a whim.

The Beast World, however, accurately predicted Gustav's existence as a Player, and decided to close the connection with Earth for the time being, possibly looking for other worlds to conquer that could be much easier to devour than something with a Player, which as long as you don't kill it, will continue to grow stronger without stopping.

The Demon World's leaders overlooked the planet earth greedily, but this was just one world of the many more within their plans. Several illusions representing these planets emerged before their demonic and supernatural existences, resembling holographic images.

In there, earth was but a small planet within the countless others where they had sent their armies and generals, and these generals and armies were nothing but the lesser entities they possessed…

Certainly, despite this, they had kept an eye in this particular planet because it had a being capable of fending off strong threats by itself, the planet had birthed a proper guardian, something that wasn't so rare, but it was rare when they were actually strong enough and effective.

However, in the great scheme of things, a single planet within the countless others they could conquer and devour wasn't much. Of course, worlds with life were their main targets, after all such worlds were the ones that could form cores to devour, life to assimilate or kill for essence, and more.

The large Red Tower that Gustav had seen come from the ground glowed with bright red colors, as it emanated a large amount of demonic energy.

From within four Infernal Generals had come from their original world, sent by their great leaders to defeat the threats of this world, and conquer it, offering its core to them.

The four Infernal Generals looked over the vast landscape, there were many strange areas around, spaces which were teleported from other alien worlds through the dimensional convergence…

Millions of Demons of all shapes and sizes, ranging from C-Rank up to SSS-Rank in power marched before them, their army had begun to expand.

"North seems to be emptied by that being that defeated the Slarkobs and Celestials, let us go to the south, these uncharted lands seem good enough as a starting point…"

As the Demon Swarm neared South America, a flashing light emerged from the skies.

"What's that?"

"A… spear?"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 169 - The Cavalry Is Here!


-----

The Infernal Generals sent to this world had very long and complicated names, however, they were addressed based on their capabilities, being given special titles.

The only female of the group, a beautiful demoness with red skin, black spiraling horns, long white hair, and sharp yellow-gold eyes wearing provocative clothes was the Infernal General of Temptation.

The male demon with the large figure, packed with muscles and reaching almost four meters of height wearing black armor atop his enormous body and wielding a giant axe and a club in each of his hands, with four black horns coming from his head and an eyepatch on his left eye was the Infernal General of Resilience.

The male demon with a slim figure, slender body, dexterous, evasive, and who wore tight black leather clothes that ninjas, spies, or assassins would wear, with even a long hood covering his face was only his two glowing red eyes were visible was the Infernal General of Stealth.

And lastly, the supposed leader, a male whose proportions stood between the two other males, with a mildly muscular body, a light black armor, and six horns growing out of his head, with a third eye in the middle of his forehead as the Infernal General of Might.

All four of them resembled charismatic characters right out of a comic book or an anime series, they looked flashy and incredibly demonic in nature too, their presences leaked not only Demon Energy but its superior version, Infernal Energy, which they had recently just acquired after their ascension into Lesser Infernal.

When a Greater High Demon reached the Lesser Infernal Stage, they were given two hundred years to adapt to their power and then made into an Infernal General, alongside three other of his same power level, they were assigned a few million Demons and then sent to other worlds to conquer them. The more worlds they conquered, the greater their rewards became and the faster they would be able to Cultivate and reach the top!

Since Ragnarök started that the Demons had been using this new method of growth, based on how many worlds they could conquer for their Supreme Leaders…

The Infernal Generals looked over their large and vast army of Demons march.

"North seems to be emptied by that being that defeated the Slarkobs and Celestials, let us go to the south, these uncharted lands seem good enough as a starting point…"

The Infernal Generals had decided to move to the south, as the north was cataloged by them as the enemy's territory, stepping into it would not be good, and they decided to procure more land and territory first, which could grant them in the way, more essence extracted from any exterminated endemic life forms, such as the abundant humans whom the Infernal Generals could barely wait to slaughter and devour their souls for great essence.

Demons were able to gain Demon Energy by absorbing not only the essence from the corpses of the beings they killed, but they were also able to devour their souls, something that actually not many other entities could do. Through this method of soul-devouring, their power was strengthened, and their Demon or Infernal Cores were nourished, giving them more energy!

Otherworldly souls usually had greater and interesting components, making them even richer in both flavor and essence than the souls of their own worlds, meaning that even the little soul of a weak mortal of Earth was worth more than the souls of demons in the world, the difference was often immense, making the demons addicted to eating the souls of beings from other worlds, making them one of the most vicious race, which not even the Celestials did such things as devouring souls…

As the Demon Swarm neared South America, a flashing light emerged from the skies.

"What's that?"

FLAAAASH!

A bright yellow-gold light came from the skies, surprising the Infernal Generals and the Demon Army.

It had a long and sharp shape, and the size surpassed 10 meters!

It looked like an enormous sharp stick made of gold.

But it was in fact, a spear!

The bright spear reached up to the demon army in no time, it was incredibly fast and crossed through the skies while leaving a bright golden rainbow behind itself, the Infernal Generals were left speechless at the splendorous sight, this weapon was of an incredible level of rarity! The sole essence it emanated was already above them!

The Infernal Generals quickly got into their battle positions, unleashing their powerful Auras as they tried to unleash a powerful long-ranged attack towards the incoming spear.

But the spear was so fast it managed to reach their army before they could do anything!

"Shit!"

BOOOOOOOOMMM!

As if it were a magical nuke, the spear reached the swarm of mortal demons and released a deadly explosion of blazing flames of the colors of the rainbow, the elemental essence was burning through the demons and turning them all into ashes! Their entire bodies were disintegrated, and the whole explosion expanded incredibly vast, almost 60% of the entire army of Demons was killed on the spot with a single attack!

Who could have done such an outrageous thing?!

The only one the Infernal Generals knew about that could do such a thing was no one else than Gustav, the one that defeated the Slarkobs and the Celestial King after all!

"T-This is ridiculous!"

The Infernal General of Temptation looked at the glowing spear incrusted in the ground, the charred corpses of over half a million demons lay down around it, as countless items began to pop up out of thin air.

The Infernal Generals were able to see such items, a strange and alien power that defied their own concepts had emerged.

"Their essence is being extracted and converted into physical items?!"

"What kind of strange power is this?"

"Incredible… these items are varied and useful!"

"If we could grasp such a power to convert essence instantly into items of this quality, our Demon World would become even more unparalleled!

FLAAASH!

And right after that, a man emerged in the skies, releasing a divine aura!

"I've been waiting for you!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 170 - Three Fairies VS One Demoness 1


-----

Gustav looked over from the skies above to the four Infernal Generals who had arrived on Earth just a day ago.

Their army of Demons has been decimated within seconds, the power of his powerful Gungnir Valhalla was enough to decimate 60% of their army in one single shot!

And even more, Gustav's power was growing as he did this, the amount of EXP he gained was more than enough to level up a few times.

Ding!

[You gained tremendous quantities of EXP]

[Your Level has increased from level 184 to level 185!]

[Your Level has increased from level 185 to level 186!]

[Your Level has increased from level 186 to level 187!]

[Your Level has increased from level 187 to level 188!]

The Infernals looked at him with shock as his spear continued to pour brilliant effervescent rainbow flames everywhere!

Gustav smiled back at the Infernals.

. "You're strong… Let's not make this take too long… Come!"

Gustav called upon his Summons and Tamed Beasts in an instant, as his main Summon Party emerged alongside his Summoned Beasts!

As a summoner, it was now an easy task to bring them his side through employing his Summoning Divinity! Whenever he went, he could easily teleport those that served him right in front of him!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

The Infernal Generals were left speechless!

The shock was clear on their faces as they saw a small army of powerful entities surround Gustav, he wasn't fighting alone!

"He's… a summoner!"

"But I've never seen such a strong summoner before…"

"He can summon such powerful warriors… Hmph, they don't seem so strong though, they have yet to attain our same realm!"

"Indeed… Perhaps that human might have done it, but he's barely grasping the surface, these summons are even lower in strength, he's going to send them to us so we can have a feast?"

The Infernal Generals' power was still considerable! Their auras of power rushed outside of their bodies like flowing rivers of incredible quantities of thick energy. These colorful auras represented their incredible force and Infernal Energy leaked from it, distorting even space a little bit!

All Infernal Generals were already near the middle Ranks of Demigods, while Gustav was only at the first Ranks, and his summons was yet to grasp Demigod Realm, being equal to Pseudo Demi Deities, with some being even lower.

So how will Gustav fight back against such a thing?

Katrina, Iris, Veronica, and the Necromancer alongside the Elder Lich all began to summon before the Infernals could laugh anymore!

"W-What?!"

"They are summoning?"

"A summoner that summons more summoners? What logic is this!"

FLAAAAASH!

An immense army of Undead from skeletons, zombies, ghouls, and other creatures emerged, alongside gigantic creatures made of blood and red flesh, deadly black and red-colored pumpkin monsters shrouded with death and phantom element, and powerful Spiritual Undead emerged by the hundreds!

The swarm of Demons roared angrily, rushing towards them!

"Come forth!"

But it wasn't over yet!

Gustav waved his hands, as more summons came!

He was… a Summoner God after all!

FLAAAAASH!

His Aura expanded widely around the entire sky, as Spirits of all shapes and sizes emerged! Spiritual Beasts of seven different elements shaped like bears, eagles, deer, mole, and more, great Divine Flame Spirits resembling furious coiling dragons, magma turtles, and giant phoenixes, enormous dragons made of combined elements, roaring furiously of all shapes and sizes!

The Infernals were left… shocked! Speechless!

"T-These summons!"

"They're so many… and so strong!"

"This… How bigger is his army?!"

"Incredible… I can't help but praise this human's power as a Summoner. I never thought Summoners could be this powerful!"

Even the Infernals were shocked and could not help but be amazed! How strange for enemies to see their foe as someone to admire...

However, it was only temporary, as their hands waved around, the demons were suddenly strengthened through their demonic powers!

FLAAAASH!

All the surviving swarms of demons roared, being enhanced in strength by a tenfold!

Their hissing and roars resonated across the battlefield as they clashed against the army of Undead, Blood Servants, Death Pumpkins, and Undead Spirits that Gustav's summons brought!

CLASH! BOOM! CRASH!

Their clashing resonated loudly, their bites and slashes broke apart each other's bodies as the fight continued ceaselessly.

However, the big major battle didn't start just here! The Infernal Generals intended to kill Gustav!

"You might be an amazing Summoner with great potential, but you had the bad luck of ending up fighting against us!" The Infernal Generals of Temptation said as she flew towards Gustav at an incredible speed, resembling a flash of red light. Even Gustav was shocked by her speed!

However!

CLAAAASH!

"We won't let you get near our husband!"

"Hmm, she looks mildly strong…"

"I might be a Necromancer, but I can also fight if I put myself into it."

Kireina, Katrina, and Katarina emerged! The trio of beautiful vampire fairy women emerged before the Infernal General of Temptation, stopping her charge towards them!

"Hah! You might be strong for your level… But against me, you're nothing!"

CLAAAASH!

Temptation swung her long blade-like nails around, releasing several slashes of darkness and purple and red energies, coated with a deadly power capable of confusing the minds of those they touched!

The trio of vampire fairies was thrown away with ease!

"Hmph! See? By merely swinging my blade-claws, I can already defeat you! Another swing and you're all dead- Oh?"

Temptation suddenly noticed that their wounds quickly recovered back, although they had received a weakened state status effect, and seemed to have become more lethargic.

"Interesting, what a good regeneration… Fufu, but it's no use!"

Temptation laughed as she charged towards the trio once more!

"Are you sure about that?"

However, Gustav stopped her in midair, as he commanded the army of Spirits around him to fly towards his allies! Kireina's trio suddenly was possessed by many different elemental spirits, enormous dragons and giant phoenixes included!

"EH?!"

FLAAAASH!

The three's power suddenly skyrocketed, multiplying several times!

The auras of roaring multi-headed dragons emerged from the vampire fairies, as their crimson-red eyes flashed with malice…

"I-Impossible…!"

The Infernal General of Temptation was left shocked!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 171 - Three Fairies VS One Demoness 2


-----

Kireina and her two "twins" power were augmented several times! Their auras resonated withs several combined elements, creating a chaotic spiral of pure power emanating from them!

This chaos shaped into monstrous chimeric dragon-like spirits that surged from the fusion of the many spirits they fused with.

Like Gustav has seen his abilities, he was able to infuse his summoned Beast, Dragon, and other Spirits into a subject to enhance their power, stats, damage dealt, resistance, and elemental power, some of them even bringing new powers all together. It was possible to stack up to 10 of these entities inside the bodies of a subject, however, as his abilities developed and as he awakened his divinity of summoning, this quantity increased up to 20!

Using 20 in each of the Kireina trio, their power was boosted through the roof!

Suddenly, they looked way stronger than they were before, and could quite possibly fight toe to toe against the Infernal Generals of Temptation!

Of course, this mischievous demoness couldn't accept that some mere summons that was not even real living beings could dare to fight against her like this! Of course, the shock was also shrouding her judgment, she had never seen such a power before.

Summoning Spiritual entities to fuse into another summons to make them stronger through the stacking of power? What kind of monstrous summoner would even have the Mana to do such a costly thing? And Gustav… he did it casually three times, plus all the other summons he was maintaining right now!

It was as if his Mana was… Infinite!

But it wasn't the case, Gustav was not gifted with such a broken power, even now, he had a limit, a quantity limit of how far his Mana could go now, although his Mana regeneration was already completely insane and fast, he was also using his equipment's power to drain Mana from the environment and nearby enemies, while also getting more Mana from Alma at his side, who was the only summon with the capacity to drain mana from the environment, making her a living mana battery!

But even then, he still had a lot of room to sustain his mana and summon more creatures! He couldn't summon an infinite amount, but a few hundred was possible!

Using this newfound power, Kireina and her twins smiled devilishly back to the beautiful demoness of Temptation..

"Fufu, how the tables have turned!" said Kireina.

"I'll slice her up." Said Katrina.

"Careful not to spoil her flesh, we'll make some good demon steaks out of her!" said Katarina.

The Infernal General gritted her teeth in utter disbelief, shock, and anger! How could they dare talk about her as if she were mere food! She was a beautiful demoness that has conquered the hearts of countless demons in the world of demons, she had used her beauty and powers to make a whole nation fall before her feet and had conquered many men through it! She went to this point due to her merciless use of her capabilities.

But… Wait for a second!

Why wasn't her power not working in these summons?

"Agh… This is a bad match for me…" she thought.

"No matter, I will just use my power above their realm to overwhelm them like I've done countless other times before! Infernal Arts, Domain of Temptation and Pain!"

FLAAAAASH!

The demoness didn't wait for a single second as she summoned a large domain made of chaotic pink colors, trapping the three Kireina's within!

"Fufu, you're done for now! DRAIN!"

Suddenly, a strange force began to drain the power from Kireina and her twins! Their power started to seep away from them!

However, the three smiled.

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

They just flew towards the Demoness of Temptation, raised their weapons, and showered her in attacks!

Kireina released chaotic thrust attacks using her Khaos spear, as the chaos power released blasts of attribute-distorting energy!

Katrina used her enormous axe to release enormous slicing attacks that even damaged space itself, the power of the oceans was summoned as enormous slashing attacks made of highly pressurized water were released too!

And Katarina used her large scythe were shrouded with pure death element, her slicing attacks took away life from the demoness with such ease, it was like a hot knife going through butter!

SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!

And as they attacked, their monstrous fused spirits roared, releasing their own independent attacks, bombarding the demoness with tremendous quantities of powerful and deadly attacks!

The demoness shrouded herself in her Infernal Aura, summoning a provocative armor and coating her hands and claws with this armor as well, barely resisting the powerful onslaught

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"Nnngh…! How can you be so strong?!"

Temptation roared in anger as she started to take on the hits, her armor was strong enough, though, and her claws also managed to damage Kireina and her "twins", slashing apart pieces of their flesh, but the three continued to regenerate at a fast speed, without giving up!

"RROOOOAARRR!"

Suddenly, Kireina's Chimeric Dragon Spirit emerged, resembling a coiling serpent with three monstrous heads made of purple, red, and pink colors coated in blue and purple flames, it had sharp scales resembling spikes, and it roared furiously, releasing a powerful breath attack of chaotic dark fire!

FLAAAAAAAASSSHHH!

"Nguh…!"

Temptation gritted her teeth, slashing away the flames but they stuck into her body, slowly dissolving part of her armor!

"GGRYYAARR!"

Another monster emerged, the spirit dragon of Katrina, resembling a flying dragon with the head of a bird coated in poisonous and chaotic waters, it had several horns resembling spikes across its body, and its beak looked deadly, filled with sharp fangs!

SLASH! CRASH! CRUNCH!

The creature assaulted the demoness, slashing her with its claws and using its sharp beak to pierce her armor!

"RRAAAA!"

The demoness, however, couldn't take it anymore and exploded in fury, absorbing the energy that her domain had accumulated, her strength suddenly multiplied tenfold! A powerful shockwave was released from her body as well, sending the trio of Kireinas through the skies!

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 172 - Three Fairies VS One Demoness 3


-----

The intense fight between the trio of Kireinas against the Infernal General of Temptation continued.

SLASH! CRASH!

The monstrous beast spirits from the three Kireinas attacked the demoness, slashing her with their claws and using their sharp jaws to pierce through her armor!

However, she couldn't take it anymore!

"RRAAAA! I'll show you what an Infernal's true might is about!"

The demoness exploded in fury, absorbing the energy that her domain had accumulated, her strength suddenly multiplied by tenfold! A powerful shockwave was released from her body as well, sending the trio of Kireinas through the skies!

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

The wave of pink, red, and black-colored essence clashed against the trio of vampire fairies, as they were thrown into the skies!

The powerful attack began to seep into their bodies and consume their energy further, even with the powers they held, this Infernal was still a fearful enemy! Her power was truly above them even with the stacked spirits into their bodies, they had to truly coordinate to defeat her!

"We won't disappoint our master!" said Katarina, as she rushed towards the Infernal General of Temptation, using her enormous scythe to slice through the wind, releasing a shockwave of death element!

SLAAAAASH!

"Pathetic!"

The Infernal General of Temptation laughed at this as she slashed through the attack and dissipated, only to rush downwards and clash against Katarina, using this opportunity that she was alone to kill her!

. CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

Her fists packed a strong punch, and her kicks were deadly! Katarina, who was specialized in summoning and long-ranged attacks was being easily overwhelmed!

FLASH! FLASH!

However, Kireina and Katrina emerged behind the Infernal General of Temptation, using Kireina's Illusion Magic to hide beneath her back!

The two smiled maliciously as they exploded, transforming into fusions between their transformation skills and the spirits they were being possessed by!

"RROOOOAARRR!"

"GGRRYAR!"

"EH?!"

Kireina resembled an abomination made of red flesh and tentacles, coated in many jaws and eyes! It had several scales across its body, sharp draconic claws, and some dragon heads moving around like hydra heads.

Meanwhile, Katrina had become a gigantic octopus-faced abomination, with several draconic wings and dark scales across its humanoid and muscular body. The mischievous ladies of before were no longer here!

Combining their power together, they recharged their energies with spiritual and elemental power, and then released a barrage of attacks using their weapons and bodies!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The barrage of attacks resembled a storm of darkness as the Infernal General of Temptation was engulfed on it!

"GGRUUUAAAGGH…!"

Kireina generated disrupting chaotic winds while Katrina released oceanic high-pressured waters, fusing them into a vortex of black chaotic oceanic water, crushing her!

Katarina was just baited!

The Infernal General of Temptation felt as her entire body was consumed by this power, but her latent Infernal Core unleashed a large quantity of energy from within, exploding into a wondrous essence of infernal energy, she coated herself on it and resisted the damage a bit, while conjuring Infernal Arts!

FLAAASH!

Suddenly, the Infernal General of Temptation began to bombard the two Kireinas with constant purple and pink-colored flames, which exploded and generated confusing smoke clouds! The chaotic waters were overwhelmed by this as she generated a storm of flames, moving it upwards and consuming the attack from the monstrous creatures above her!

BOOOOOOMMM!

However, this was nothing against them, they had grown stronger and more resilient after transforming! Kireina extended her tentacles and grabbed the Infernal General of Temptation, while Katrina used her body as a shield, taking on her strange and deadly flames!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"Unnggh…! Get off me!"

The Infernal General of Temptation used her sharp nails to slash through the tentacles wrapping around her, as she managed to free herself, only to find a flashing dark spear reaching up to her!

"Eh!?"

SLAAAASH!

The spear of Chaos, Khaos, belonging to Kireina, had undergone several evolutions as she grew in strength, now, it easily pierced through this Infernal when it was finally given the chance!

Similar to Gungnir, it had gained the power to move independently, so it had become quite the deadly weapon! It waited just for the right time to strike, reaching up to the Infernal General of Temptation and piercing her chest!

"GGUUAAGGH…!"

Not only her chest but… the Infernal Core within her chest was pierced too! Cracking and shattering!

"I-It can't… be…! No…! Guuuuuaaaggh…!"

The Infernal General of Temptation roared one last time, her aura and soul shapeshifted into a monstrous abomination, resembling lascivious and slippery tentacles, they tried to take out the spear piercing her heart and shattering her core!

"Not going to let ya!"

Katarina, however, the one she had been ignoring this whole time, rushed in front of her and used her legs to kick the spear deeper!

CLAAASH!

"Nngg…!"

Crack… crack…!

"T-This… can't… be…!"

CRASH!

With her core shattered, the Infernal General of Temptation cried in agony, her body weakened and lost its life, as her soul began to tremble. It seemed that Infernal Cores were a great weakness of the demon race, it brought them so much power, but it could also be targeted to kill them quickly!

"GGRRRYYYYAAAGGGH…!"

The three Kireinas bombarded her with attacks until her entire body was torn apart, and her soul was caught by Katarina, who was an adept Necromancer and Death Magic-user.

"You're for master to eat later on!"

The shivering soul looked at Katarina with utter horror, as she was stored inside her Necronomicon, which could also be used as convenient storage of souls.

The moment the Infernal General of Temptation was defeated, the trio gained a substantial amount of EXP as well! Their levels skyrocketed several times. Defeating a being as strong as a Demigoddess was truly worth the trouble! Not only them, but Gustav who has been overlooking things through also gained a lot of shared EXP, enough to gain several levels…

[You gained tremendous quantities of EXP]

[Your Level has increased from level 188 to level 189!]

[Your Level has increased from level 189 to level 190!]

[Your Level has increased from level 190 to level 191!]

[Your Level has increased from level 191 to level 192!]

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 173 - Four Monsters VS A Stealthy Demon 1


-----

Kireina's trio had managed to defeat the Infernal General of Temptation quite easily! However, there were three deadly Generals left.

Down below, the war between the enhanced Demons and the armies of summons continued, the summons began to enter into a stalemate against the swarm of demons, their power was almost equal!

However, Gustav waved his hand as the divinity of summoning was activated once more. Alongside using several other skills, he enhanced the power of his army by several times!

A divine power fell over his army, enhancing all of their power! All of his summons received such a boost, growing more powerful. Their stats increased and the damage they could deal was increased, alongside their defense against elemental and other types of damage.

The Undead, Blood Servants, and other spiritual creatures began to rush through the Demons, beginning to manage to crush them! One by one, they were being crushed to death!

. Iris, Veronica, the Necromancer, and the Lich at the side of Gustav all commanded their Legions to attack fiercely, using their own skills to enhance their attack prowess even further.

"Blood Super Enhancement."

"Death Plant Enrichment."

"Undead Essence Concentration.

"Undeath Command!"

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

Suddenly, each member of their armies was enhanced by sparkles of different colors, their power was enhanced once more!

The Demons began to grow less and less oppressive, as many began to outright die instantly!

The smaller army of summons was pulling through!

Alma, the beautiful elf girl with the power of absorbing Mana remained near Gustav, feeding him with her absorbed mana to enhance his regeneration speed. But even, he was barely being able to recover his mana in time, maintaining such a gigantic army was also quite tiring.

"Master, should I join?" she asked.

"No, remain at my side, Alma. I am a summoner, let's leave part of the battle to my summons… And well, it is not like there's not someone else overlooking this whole thing… Similar to how it happened against the Celestial King, I will have to use all my power to target IT."

Who was Gustav talking about?

There were only three Infernal Generals left… So who else?

Gustav looked over the red tower where the demons came from, it was bustling with more and more demon reinforcements! Endlessly…

A presence of incredible power overlooked the scene within the tower, looking at Gustav.

"So this is the powerful being of this world that has managed to defeat the Celestial King… Three of his subordinates already killed the weakest of the Infernal Generals too! Interesting, let's see if they can handle the other three though… Huh?! It saw me?!"

The entity was shocked, Gustav saw right through it, his eyes looking over the tower as if they were looking directly at it!

"Ah! He looked over me already! He knows I am here?! This human is not normal at all! To think he had somehow managed to reach Demigod Realm by himself through this world somehow, even though it lacks the proper means… Aside from this strange faint presence I feel, is this generated by the world? A gift is given to humans… But even then… His powers are vastly abnormal, seeing how anything he and his army kill generates resources out of thin air, this is a mystical power that we really need to get our hands into! If our Demon World could acquire this wondrous power… But it's gonna be hard to defeat him. A look into his eyes is enough to know he is a devil disguising his appearance as a hero… What a cunning character!"

The entity looked back at Gustav, as it continued to summon Demons from the Demon World.

This entity… who could it be?!

Within the battlefield's skies, the Infernal General of Stealth battled against his foes with swift and precise movements and incredible dexterity!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

Aqua, Wagyu, Cuco, and Wisp were battling against it!

"A bunch of monsters cannot possibly think that they can outspeed me!"

FLASH!

The slim demon coated himself in shadows as he evaded the powerful bite enhanced with pseudo divine aura from Wagyu!

CRUNCH!

"Nngh…! He's so fast!"

Wagyu couldn't help but feel overwhelmed! The Infernal General of Stealth was incredibly fast, and even was capable of melding into the environment or turn invisible for a small amount of time, he was a tricky bastard!

"Oceanic Fist Meteor!"

Aqua reached right where the Infernal General of Stealth had emerged, as she enhanced her body with her powerful energy and aura, and release a constant barrage of attacks, using the power of her fists and the armor she wore, she bathed the Infernal General of Stealth with powerful blows one after another!

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

Her enormous slime fists coated in black armor hit him several times!

POOF!

However, he suddenly turned into… a log?!

"Gueh?!"

CLAAAASH!

A powerful kick reached Aqua from behind, splattering her over the battlefield!

SPLAT!

"A-Aqua!"

Wagyu glanced at Aqua being defeated, but she slowly began to gather her blueish transparent slime back up, her armor was summoned once more over her body…

"He's tricky!" pointed out Aqua, as if it weren't obvious enough!

"GRAAAOO!"

"Woooo!"

Cuco and Wisp, the strongest tamed monsters rushed towards the Infernal General of Stealth!

Cuco coated himself in a powerful venomous and dark pseudo divine aura, the former and adorable house cat that Gustav has been taking care of for so long, had evolved into a fierce and over 20-meter big panther!

His claws released powerful vortexes of darkness and poison as he slashed towards the Infernal General of Stealth, but the Infernal General of Stealth easily evaded them and jumped over his head, kicking it strongly!

CLASH!

"GGRAAAAOO…!"

Cuco felt dizzy after such a powerful attack, being sent away, Wisp surged behind the man, resembling an enormous mass of countless wailing souls, it released phantasmal flames over him!

FLAAAAAASH!

"Pathetic!"

However, the Infernal General of Stealth laughed at it, as he concentrated his shadows into his arms and released a cross-shaped shadow attack towards Wisp!

BOOOOOMMM!

-----

Author's Note:

Damn, I can't believe how much support this little book is getting, it makes me quite happy.

Thanks a lot for your Golden Tickets and Power Stones guys, and I am very grateful for you purchasing privilege as well.

It has really been almost four months since this journey began... It has been a short time for some, but for me it really is a meaningful amount of time. I am eternally grateful to all of you, and I hope you can stick with the story until its very end!

I will keep working hard to deliver a fun and exhilarating action-drive story as much as I possibly can! This Infernal Generals Arc is just beginning.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 174 - Four Monsters VS A Stealthy Demon 2


-----

The Infernal General of Stealth laughed at the pathetic attempt for fighting that Cuco and Wisp had used against him, as he concentrated his shadows into his arms and released a cross-shaped shadow attack towards Wisp!

BOOOOOMMM!

SLASH!

"Wooooo…!"

Wisp's phantasmal body received the heavy blow, flying away while releasing a pained howl. Its phantasmal body dissipated in some areas…!

"Wisp-chan! You bully!"

Aqua roared furiously as she rushed towards the Infernal General of Stealth, however, the Infernal General of Stealth's dead-serious expressions stared through her with his sharp crimson-red eyes.

"Bully? What are you? A kid?"

The Infernal General of Stealth laughed, as he concentrated the shadows of his aura and took out a few daggers from his belts, which were made with powerful high-quality demon materials!

He infused his deadly infernal energy as the shadows possessed the daggers, and then, he fired them!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

The daggers reached Aqua as she expanded her body and reinforced her armor, using her enormous aquatic slime body to block them with the metallic armored gauntlets she had!

. CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

However, as she blocked them, the Infernal General of Stealth smiled!

Aqua saw as the Infernal General of Stealth smiled maliciously, realizing too late of the Infernal General of Stealth's plans!

The Infernal General of Stealth laughed maliciously, as he waved his hands!

As the Infernal General of Stealth waved his hands, the daggers rotating around Aqua began to glow!

His daggers concentrated the power he had infused into them and then…!

"Haha! You fool!"

FLAAAASH!

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

Four shadow-filled explosions reached Aqua as she was blown away due to the deadly power of the infernal explosions! The Infernal General of Stealth looked at the slime's pathetic performance.

"Is this what your leader thinks is a proper challenge for me? You must be joking, you're even less than trash mobs!"

Aqua began to slowly regenerate back, receiving Gustav's mana, but Wagyu and Cuco joined in the cooperative attack, the cat and the dog coated themselves in shadows and attacked the Infernal General of Stealth with everything they had!

"RROOOOAARRR!" Wagyu roared furiously as his size increased by a few meters, his claws grew immense and sharp, as his aura shaped as furious wolves made of shadows!

They rained over the Infernal General of Stealth as he blocked them with his daggers and slashed them away, he intercepted Wagyu's slashing claws and cut them, as he kicked him in the chin and threw him away!

"Awwoo…!"

Cuco, however, was attacking the Infernal General of Stealth from beforehand, pouring its deadly venomous shadow aura over him, as he copied Wagyu's power and shaped its aura as countless panthers attack the Infernal General of Stealth!

"Hahaha! The same trick won't work again, even less if it didn't work before!"

The Infernal General of Stealth saw Cuco's efforts as completely pointless, the black cat's attacks were easily sliced in half and destroyed!

However!

"Meow!"

Cuco's eyes flashed with sharp crimson-red light, as he activated a new power, he had figured out using his skills and control over his aura and elements!

"Hm?!"

Each Aura Clone that was killed suddenly exploded the moment they died!

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

The explosions were loud and powerful, the Infernal General of Stealth was surprised!

"Unnggh…!

He generated a veil of dark shadows to protect himself, but the damage dealt over his equipment and body was strong.

And the deadly venom seeping all over his body, although he had incredible defenses as an Infernal, a being similar to a Demigod, Cuco's venom wasn't your run-of-the-mill venom either! Cuco had already attained a slight level of divinity within him, meaning that his venom was just as deadly! It could affect Demigods, although slowly, he could make them weaker and damage them over time with it!

"Cough… Cough…! Ungh… My head hurts too? This venom is actually affecting me?!"

The Infernal General of Stealth was shocked! He began to cough blood as he felt his body weaken, his muscles began to feel weaker, his movements started to be clumsy as well…

"MRAO!"

Cuco rushed towards him as the cat slashed him with his claws!

SLASH! SLASH! CLASH! BOOOM!

"Nnnggh…! I won't lose to a band of filthy beasts!"

The Infernal General of Stealth grew angered as he released a powerful shockwave of infernal energy, reaching Cuco as he sent his body through the skies!

BOOOM!

"GRAOO…!"

"Cuco!"

Wagyu roared in anger as he recovered from the attack, jumping over the Infernal General of Stealth's back, and using his sharp claws and jaws to bite and slash through him! His aura shaped as more wolves, aiding him in restraining him!

"Unnggh…! Y-You damn beast! Shadows!"

The Infernal General of Stealth called upon his shadows as Wagyu's shadows clashed against them!

CLASH!

Of course, the Infernal General of Stealth shadows was obviously superior, overwhelming Wagyu's attacks! He used his daggers to slash through Wagyu's entire body!

SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!

"Awooo…!"

Wagyu was overwhelmed!

"Guuuboo!"

However, the cute voice of a peculiar slime resonated behind the Infernal General of Stealth, as Aqua fully recovered and jumped over him, expanding her slimy body around his body and tightly wrapping it around his limbs! She stopped his slashing attacks with all her might!

"Nnnggh…! You damn slug!"

"Slug?! I am a Slime!" aqua roared angrily, as she summoned several spikes of water magic and pointed them at the Infernal General of Stealth, firing them towards him!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"Unnggh…!"

The armor of the Infernal General of Stealth began to crack and shatter, as he realized that he was in danger! Using all of his might, he broke through Aqua's concealment, breaking her apart!

CRAAAASH!

"Ugyaa!" Aqua cried in pain as she was splattered into the skies once more…

"OOOOOOOH!"

However, a wailing phantom, an enormous mass of many souls reached the Infernal General of Stealth and covered his face, the phantasmal auras began to absorb his life out, it was Wisp!

The Infernal General of Stealth felt his life being drained out of him, as his eyes flashed with infernal energy!

FLASH!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 175 - Four Monsters VS A Stealthy Demon 3


-----

The Infernal General of Stealth was not going down yet! He was after all a being who has reached the Demigod Realm, his power was incredible! Even after being ganged up by four powerful beings, it was not complete enough!

Gustav overlooked this fight, he had already boosted the power of these four fighters, and he had his faith in them. The spirits possessing their bodies gave them the last push to be able to withstand the Infernal General of Stealth's blows, but it was up to their technique and ability to defeat him!

He noticed that Cuco had been helping greatly with his venom, the clouds of venom he created using it into his shadow aura had weakened slowly but now, it had reached the point where the effects were being rather clear! The Infernal General of Stealth was struggling!

Due to this, the other three members all rushed over him and continued to attack him, his armor was already broken, and his body was poisoned, they had to keep pushing forward and victory should be attainable! However, the Infernal General of Stealth wasn't going to let them do as they pleased, as a prideful demon, he wasn't going down until he utilized everything within his disposal!

And when he was being overwhelmed, it came, this power! The Infernal Energy gathered around his body as he activated an Infernal Art!

FLASH!

His body grew stronger out of the sudden, as large bat-like wings made of shadows emerged behind his back, alongside a demonic tail. His horns grew bigger and sharper, and his daggers covered by shadows turned into long swords…

. He had transformed in just a split of a second! The explosion that it generated also made it impossible for others to stop him while he transformed! Due to this, the power he was exuding was amazing, it was as if his power had suddenly multiplied.

"A transformation?!"

Wagyu looked at the scene in awe, gritting his teeth.

Aqua reformed herself as she suddenly activated a Skill, generating winds around her which began to quickly form into a storm of water, an oceanic storm! This was thanks to her Wind Spirit Ability, in the original story where she belonged, she had acquired a Wind Spirit where she acquired the power of flying and using wind as well as her natural water affinity!

But now, it was vastly different, this ability showcased more power than it originally did as she was a Summoned being, and her power amplified as the mana of Gustav flowed into her.

Gustav squinted his eyes as he continued to pour his mana into his summons and even give it to the tamed beasts through Mana Connection and Mana Transfer. Although they had their own mana, this would give them the ability to fight back properly and utilize more power than they could, ignoring some of their own limits!

However, the Infernal General of Stealth's wondrous transformation shocked the four foes he had in front of him.

"This form means that I've recognized your power, now die before my shadows…"

FLASH!

The Infernal General of Stealth moved at an incredible speed! Flapping his demonic shadow wings, he melted and camouflaged into nothingness, becoming invisible for a few seconds and surprising the four foes he was fighting several times!

CLASH! BOOM! CRASH!

The Infernal General of Stealth fought with great might, his blows were strong and impactful, as Wagyu and Cuco intercepted him most of the time, Aqua continued to try to entangle his body, but his power was now vast and strong, he was able to easily block her power and throw her away while bathing her in attacks!

He used this powerful stealth and camouflage ability to move around the skies, Wagyu and Cuco's sharp senses were strong though, and Wisp could see him even if he hid! Through their combination, he suddenly was caught a few times, being surprised by the might of the beasts.

He was slashed and attacked, Wagyu and Cuco made a great team together, firing their Aura Clones over him and fusing them together into enormous claws or jaws to clash against the Infernal General of Stealth's great defensive power as of now.

However, the Infernal General of Stealth still held some great and clear advantages, evading the blows, he began to pout his entire intent and power into attacking and evading!

CLASH! CLASH! BOOOM! BOOOM!

For a moment, he realized that his foes were doing their best, they were using everything they could, and somehow, they had reached a stalemate! The entire group against the Infernal General of Stealth amounted to almost his same strength! And with a few tricks included into it…!

Such as Aqua using her slime to entangle one of his legs and move him down!

FLAAAASH!

"Unnggh…?!"

He used his powerful shadow blades to cut through her, but Wagyu and Cuco reached up to him and slashed and bite his back, causing severe damage!

SLASH! CLASH! BOOOM!

"Unnggh…!"

Wisp reached up to him once more, as it shaped itself as an enormous storm of phantasmal flames, a vortex that engulfed the Infernal General of Stealth with him!

"Ungh… This can't be! Agh…! Stop!"

The Infernal General of Stealth felt more weakened, his transformation was so powerful yet, in the end, he wasn't able to fight back completely?! How could this even possible!

"RRAAAAA!"

The Infernal General of Stealth roared, as he turned invisible once more and rushed towards his nearby foes, trying to kill them with everything he had!

But there was no use!

Cuco reached him in an instant through his incredible speed, as he leaped over the Infernal General of Stealth and began to slash the Infernal General of Stealth to death!

The Infernal General of Stealth cried in agony, his eyes looked at the monster in front of him with utter horror!

"GRRRYYYYYAAAAGGH…! STOP!"

"RROOOAARR!"

However, Cuco wouldn't stop! Cuco was merciless like his master!

The former black cat roared furiously, as he continued to rip everything into pieces within the Infernal General of Stealth's body!

SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!

"Unnggh… This… against… a mere cat monster?!"

The prideful Infernal General of Stealth couldn't believe his cause of death as he died right after.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 176 - Thunder & Telekinesis Users VS A Tough Demon 1


-----

The Infernal General of Stealth has been defeated! His agonizing cry resonated across the battlefield and made the demons below tremble!

Wagyu, Cuco, Aqua, and Wisp received a generous amount of EXP after his death, alongside the dropped items and more! Soul Spheres, Ability Spheres, and everything one could imagine from such a strong being lying around generously over the corpse. Infernal Generals were truly living treasure troves!

Gustav felt the rush of shared EXP immediately, as he congratulated the team briefly.

Ding!

[Your Level has increased from Level 192 to Level 193!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 193 to Level 194!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 194 to Level 195!]

. [Your Level has increased from Level 195 to Level 196!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 196 to Level 197!]

[All your stats have increased]

Such a generous harvest! Gustav couldn't help but smile, five whole levels out of that one guy, and there were two left…

He looked over the battlefield as he continued to command and enhance his troops.

The troops commanded by his summons were doing quite well, they were already able to reach further into the demon army, but the red tower continued to summon them. It seemed to be some kind of powerful demon spawn point.

Gustav could feel that the entity within it was emanating a powerful Infernal Essence… However, the former crack that led to this world was closed and only this tower connected to it, so unlike the Beast World crack, he wasn't able to bath on its generous and endless light to gain stats and power.

He still could absorb Infernal and Demonic Energies, and he did every time he gained EXP, but he needed a large and generous amount to undergo drastic changes as he did with his Beast Orb.

The power of this energy was very potent, however, and due to Gustav's strange body and his System, he was able to assimilate all kinds of energies and refine them into his own power as he did with the Beast Ki that came gushing out of the Beast World.

He waved his spear as he conjured another enhancement, boosting the strength of his troops as they continued to pressure over the endless swarm coming from the red tower. If he wanted to get in there and possibly kill the entity within it, he had to first defeat the army on the way.

If possible, Gustav's greed led him further, he wanted to conquer this tower and use it to take a peek into this Demon World if he could prepare enough, invading the Demon World and absorbing as much Demon and Infernal Energies could boost his power quite amazingly!

His body resonated with various auras of power, as he looked over the battlefield, his troops, and the tower.

Frank had gained so many Skills now that all those passive effects were boosting him to incredible lengths, his very presence created a disturbance in space itself, he might be a Demigod, but he was clearly very different than your conventional Demigod! He was exuding the power of something even greater, beyond that!

However, he was actually happy that the swarm of demons was near-endless, as he was going to easily complete the Tasks that asked him to slaughter thousands rather easily! This meant even more resources and bonuses for him.

Abusing this war was a great way to get these annoying quests completed!

Gustav smiled as he looked at his troops, a group of them was now fighting against another Infernal General. They were all separated after constant pressure from his own power infused into his summons and tamed beasts, two of them were down, the Infernal General of Temptation and the Infernal General of Stealth, but there were still two left.

The Infernal General of Might and the Infernal General of Resilience! Both of them sported incredible physical capabilities and amazing power, higher than the previous two, this is why they were taking longer to slay.

Those that slain the first infernal generals were busy aiding the army but were willing to join the other groups fighting against the Infernal Generals left if they were to face too many difficulties!

However, Gustav wanted to see how far they could go on their own and continued to watch over them as they fought against the two lasting Generals. He had planned to step in if needed, although he didn't want to waste so much Mana in the process…

The Infernal General of Resiliency fought against Anna, Vudia, and the Ervas twins, the large and muscular demon's defenses were spectacular, his power was also incredible, and the only thing he lacked was actual speed, as he was slow to react, but it didn't matter when he had such an immense defensive power!

The muscular demon wore heavy black armor, as he swung his axe and club around, creating slashing shockwaves of darkness and red colors, War Attribute seemed to be his specialty!

TRUUUUM! TRUUUUUM!

The power of his slashing attacks made even space tremble before his might.

The group of four flew around evading his devastating attacks, but they were so strong and wide-ranged that they ended affecting them nonetheless, the powerful rumbling shockwaves made them weaken and feel dizzy, it was truly a strange ability… However, it was better than being direct hit and slashed into pieces.

Although they were Summons, they would take some time to come back, the stronger a summon was, the longer they took in being summoned once more, and the more Mana such a summon "revive" would cost!

Gustav had already infused into them the power of several Elemental Dragon Spirits, Divine Spirit Beasts, and Elemental Spiritual Beasts into their bodies, stacking them all up to ten! It was now up to them to defeat this threat and show him what they were made of!

Anna smiled at the challenge, she hasn't had one in some time now since they took a long break from the Celestial's war, it was finally time for some excitement!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 177 - Thunder & Telekinesis Users VS A Tough Demon 2


-----

Anna looked at the scene with excitement. Her warrior instincts were kicking in, her body's muscles were tightening and fueling her with thunderous power. Her aura released like a lightning storm, and her axe began to release crackles of electricity as the phantasmal entity within it seemed just as eager to fight like her.

"Hmm, this one seems pretty strong…!" said Axe-chan. Anna's axe was a possessed cursed axe that could speak. It had the personality of a slaughter-obsessed girl…

"I guess you're just as eager…" sighed Anna.

A sparkle of lightning emerged near Anna, her Lightning Attribute Spirit Fulgora, also part of her own Skill repertoire, this little guy in the shape of black clouds helped her in gaining more thunder power in exchange for Mana.

"Hahaha! What's wrong? Weren't you going to defeat me? Can you even pierce my defenses?" asked the Infernal General of Resilience, with a clear smirk on his eyes and an annoying tone of voice.

His attack had been quite strong, the powerful shockwaves he created were serious business and not something to laugh at.. If possible, Anna wanted to finish him off as quickly as possible before things were to go even more awry.

He was not like the Celestials she fought and killed back in the previous war, he was clearly stronger and more monstrous, his power could even be equal to the Celestial King!

But Anna and her party hadn't kept weak this whole time, they had been training diligently, and in the latest daily dungeons run, Gustav wasn't the only one that leveled up plentifully, she had also gained a lot of stats and was overflowing with new divinity power, she had already reached the stage of divine summons… but barely scratching the surface yet.

Thankfully, her master and now lover had given her ten powerful spirits to fuse with through his summoning skills, with these, her power was multiplied exponentially to new and higher lengths. She now simply needed to keep fighting with those around her, who were also given powerful spirits to fuse with. She felt not only thunder rushing through her body and soul, but also other elements granted by the power of these spirits melding together into a mass of power… Her thunder was being temporarily merged with them, gaining new and deadly properties!

"Vudia, Ervas, Erubas, cover me, I will charge upfront," said Anna.

"But Anna…!" said Ervas.

"It's fine, I can do it. I am confident in these muscles, boy." Said Anna.

"Very well, we'll cover you. I can also join you in a bit of physical fighting, it is my specialty. But I won't bother you." Said Erubas. As a physical version of Ervas, his specialization was shapeshifting and using his physical strength to fight. But he still had a pretty decent ability over Telekinesis, and could even wield magic too, so he was a flexible unit within the battlefield.

"Okay, Anna! I will call it when we need it the most to surprise him." Said Vudia.

"Oh? Your trump card, little Vudia? Now that makes me more confident… Very well then!"

Anna looked at the Infernal General of Resilience as he looked at the back.

"Finally decided to fight? If you don't come soon, I will go after you!" he laughed. Unlike the other two Infernals, he was a man with a greater charisma and seemed to be a battle junkie at heart.

"Why yes. Please, allow me to demonstrate to you what TRUE might looks like!"

Anna flew towards the man at an incredible speed, reaching him in an instant like a thunderbolt!}

SPAAAARK!

FLAAAASH!

Her axe was raised upwards as Axe-chan laughed maliciously!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

Four blows were released in a mere instant as the Infernal General of Resilience was surprised!

"Such speed! I am outmatched in that regard, but… Super Iron Defense!"

FLASH!

His defenses were suddenly enhanced as his armor grew harder, it was actually not an armor made outside, but the armor the Infernal General of Resilience race possessed was natural from their bodies, developing as little ore pieces that grew over the children's bodies, which then formed into exoskeleton-like plates that enhanced their defense to great heights.

His exoskeleton armor grew harder as Anna's blows only scratched the very surface, it felt as if she were attacking something so hard it made her entire body tremble through the vibration of hitting them!

The Infernal General of Resilience smiled beneath his helmet as his eyes flashed with crimson-red light!

"You're not bad, squirrel woman!" he laughed, as his weapons reached up to her in kick succession, a speed he hadn't shown before!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

Anna gritted her teeth, defending against the blows by enhancing her body with her aura and the spirits within her even further, generating a natural Aura Armor around her body to take some of these deadly blows!

She used her axe to defend, as she pushed forward by generating a strong energy force of thunder and other elements mixed into it!

FLASH!

A powerful thunderous beam reached the Infernal General of Resilience at an incredible speed, clashing over him as the elemental damage began to pierce through his armor and even reach his soul!

CLAAAAASH!

"Hahahaha! Do you really think my defenses cannot withstand elemental and magical damage?! Magic Ward! Elemental Barrier!"

FLASH!

The Infernal General of Resilience roared loudly, as he gained a new defensive power! By merely activating another Infernal Art using Infernal Energy, he reinforced himself and gained greater magical and elemental defenses!

CLASH!

The elemental attack dissipated as if it had hit something that couldn't conduct its power anymore, Anna was left surprised!

"Heh, I'll have to go even more further than that then!" she said, as she flew towards the Infernal General of Resilience, while Ervas and the rest suddenly surprised the Infernal General of Resilience while he was busy with Anna, firing two large Telekinetic Beams and a powerful Zapping Cannon!

"What?!"

BOOOOMMMM!

The powerful blows reached his back, but he had already reinforced his magical and elemental defenses!

Even then… his armor seemed stretched, and cracks appeared!

"Impossible… What kind of power is that?!"

"Telekinesis doesn't count as magic, nor it has an element." Said Ervas.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 178 - Thunder & Telekinesis Users VS A Tough Demon 3


-----

Telekinesis! What kind of power is it? Although Ervas uses mana to conjure it, it is not exactly magic!

Telekinesis is a power of the mind, Ervas developed it in his original story naturally as he mastered the usage of attribute-less mana and infused it into his brain to create strange transparent waves of force.

This is the same power that Mindflayers have, but perhaps even more superior as it has been enhanced with the power of mana, Psionic Energy!

However, despite using Mana, it is not magical, it is a supernatural power coming from the mind itself. And as a Summon, Ervas has a very unique physiology, he is a being made of Mana, meaning that his brain is abnormal and perhaps even grater than a flesh brain, it can surpass limits it could never do so easily in his original storyline when Gustav fervently wrote about this half-demon boy!

The Infernal General of Resilience was left shocked. How could such a power exist? In all of his life he had never fought against a powerful energy like this before, it was not elemental, nor magic? How could someone build proper defenses to it?

His metallic exoskeleton began to crack and shatter into pieces, he looked at Ervas with disbelief.

Anna's eyes flashed with thunderous light as she leaped towards the Infernal General of Resilience while he was shocked by Ervas surprise attack and began to shower him with slashing and clashing attacks using her thunderous axe!

Axe-chan released more lightning than ever, and Fulgora had long ago fused with Anna's body, creating an armor of thunder and other elements with the other spirits within her! She looked like a glorious goddess of thunder!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"Unnggh…! T-This…"

. CRASH!

Another large chunk of his powerful armor fell off the ground, as the Infernal General of Resilience was left speechless!

"GGRAAA!"

He roared in anger, raising his axe and club, and releasing constant attacks against Anna, he resembled a thunderous and explosive cannonball, each of his hits made Anna's entire body tremble, she felt her internal body breaking apart constantly just by the vibrations of the hits alone!

"Oof, you're a tough bastard, aren't you?" asked Anna, as she smiled, coating herself in more thunder as she flew around the Infernal General of Resilience and continued to attack him from all sides!

"That is nothing! Your power is nothing!" roared the Infernal General of Resilience, as he was suddenly bombarded by Telekinesis Bombs from all around when he least expected it! His slow movements made it so he could not evade in time!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"UNGEEGH…!"

Ervas and Erubas showered him with powerful attacks, as the Infernal General of Resilience looked angered!

The Infernal General of Resilience quickly gathered a lot of power within his very being, making his Infernal Energy flow through his body endlessly…

FLASH!

BOOOOOMMM!

A powerful explosion of Infernal Energy was released from the core of his body, reaching everywhere around him!

A loud shockwave of power impacted everyone, as they quickly defended!

"Hahhh… I cannot lose…" muttered the Infernal General of Resilience, recalling his past.

Unlike the other Infernal Generals who come from special families, the Infernal General of Resilience was an underdog that raised to this position through effort and ruthlessness. He was a demon born in suburbs, in the worst areas of the demon world.

Through his funds, he maintained his own village and his race prospered… after so long, should he let himself die like this against these invaders?! He had to defeat them and then escape! He had people he needed to meet.

Within this demon, there was a certain humbleness that Anna and the other summons noticed.

A certain blaze within his eyes, something different from the other three demons. What was he?

"We cannot lose either, friend." Said Anna.

FLAAAAASH!

Like thunderous blast, she reached the Infernal General of Resilience and began to shower him with attacks!

"UNNGAAGGH…! HAAAH!"

The Infernal General of Resilience roared in anger, his emotions bubbling from within his heart, the people he met, the people he wanted to protect, he cannot die! Not yet!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

He defended with his two weapons, as he infused infernal energy into it and it began to overflow with a monstrous demonic power, releasing two jaws of darkness towards Anna and biting her body, tearing apart her elemental armor!

CLASH! CLASH!

"Unnggh…! What kind of power…?! Those weapons are Cursed Weapons!" said Anna.

FLASH!

Ervas quickly fired a cannon of Telekinesis Power towards the Infernal General of Resilience, but he quickly sensed it as his adrenaline kicked in, his weapon cursed spirits activated their defensive mechanism as he gave them infernal energy and he entered into desperation, moving forward and extending their abyssal jaws, devouring the cannon of telekinesis by absorbing the power!

FLASH!

CRUNCH! CRUNCH!

The telekinesis cannon was swallowed!

"This is my weapon's power, Accursed Gluttonous Specters live within them… They wake up when I am in a pitch, you see… These monsters are well known in our world for being able to devour all kinds of energies and repurpose them into their masters!" said the Infernal General of Resilience, as he began to gain the energy his weapons devoured!

"What?!" asked Anna in surprise.

"Interesting…" muttered Ervas.

FLASH!

A new and greater armor was formed from the energy he got from the summons attacks, the Infernal General of Resilience regained his confidence as his power slowly recovered back to full!

The entire group was left shocked, but they couldn't stay still as he transformed and powered up! In the middle of his armor regenerating, Ervas and Erubas released blasts of telekinesis towards him!

BOOOOOMMM! BOOOOMMM!

"Unnnggh…! Go!"

The Infernal General of Resilience called upon the Accursed Gluttonous Specters, as they roared, opening their abyssal jaws, and devouring the energy!

"Hahaha…! With this, I won't lose!"

"It is certainly problematic. How about this?"

Erubas suddenly appeared behind the Infernal General of Resilience as he had shapeshifted into a Werewolf and kicked the Infernal General of Resilience in the chin!

CLAAAASH!

His armor… shattered?!

"W-What?"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 179 - Thunder & Telekinesis Users VS A Tough Demon 4


-----

The Infernal General of Resilience was left shocked! All his boisterous nature broke apart as Erubas emerged behind him! He twisted his body to greet him with an attack, but he was easily out speeded!

Well, it was to be expected, he was naturally slow. However, Erubas attack wasn't supposed to do this much damage!

So how?

"Telekinesis Energy is something your armor cannot properly defend you against..."

Erubas showed off his three-meter-tall werewolf form as his entire body was shrouded in a white and gray aura, as if he was being encompassed by an aura of power.

However, this power was telekinesis energy!

He loaded himself with this power all around his body and used it as a powerful defensive shield and also for attacking and dealing great damage!

The result?!

CLASH!

. CLASH!

CLASH!

CLASH!

Like flashing white and gray meteor, Erubas continued to move at an incredible speed, attacking the Infernal General of Resilience from all directions, showering him with jabs, kicks, and every kind of physical punishment there could be! His fists and legs continued to punish the Infernal General of Resilience, as his armor began to crack and shatter! Despair emerged before the Infernal General of Resilience's face!

However, he quickly dissipated this despair, his heart began to beat faster as his Infernal Core resonated with bright blight. He encompassed himself with dark and red energies as his weapons flashed with power!

"ENOUGH!"

He roared furiously as his weapons released the specters within them, roaring furiously as their abyssal jaws reached up to Erubas!

Erubas ran away as he flew into the distance, but the specters continued to follow him around, they were fast!

Of course, were the others just sitting there watching? Of course not! This was a 4 v 1 battle, they had to make the most out of it by completely overwhelming their single enemy!

Anna and Ervas reached to the back of the Infernal General of Resilience, as Anna's thundering axe began to clash with powerful strength against his cracks, deepening them and showing his flesh once more!

Ervas shaped his telekinetic energy and created piercing spear arrows, reaching the Infernal General of Resilience

With great power and explosiveness! The spear arrows exploded, bombarding him with power!

Vudia was within this place too, she was showering the Infernal General of Resilience all this time with powerful thunderbolts, blocking his escape routes and overwhelming him. Like Anna, she targeted his cracks!

She also had Gold Production Magic, which she used to create thundering weapons such as gigantic blades, enormous axes, deadly spears, and more! A rain of gold weapons coated in thunder reached the Infernal General of Resilience when he just managed to get Anna and Ervas off him!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"UUAAAAAGGGH…!"

Recalling his past and his village once more, the demon man filled himself with the conviction to live more than any of his companions!

"No… I have to survive! In this apocalypse… We'll come on top and survive!" he roared, his Infernal Energy dancing around him and widening his strength as his muscles bulged and he grew in size, one meter, two meters, three meters! He was now three meters taller than before, almost 6 meters!

A titan had emerged, coated in blood, and shattered armor, his specters had not caught Erubas and had come back to him, they roared fiercely around his wounded body, his resolve was so blazing that the summons had to admire it.

But they couldn't pity an invader! Even if he said something about surviving, even if, perhaps, he had his own family, in this apocalypse, it was a battle royale! The ones that won would survive, and those that lose… would lose everything within it.

It was a life-or-death situation of dimensional proportions.

Survive… he had to survive and conquer the world, so his own world could survive, so his own people could prosper!

He knew deep down that they were also the same, they fought for their master, who protected humanity!

But… there was no other option!

"I WON'T LOSE!"

He roared loudly once more, his resolve was clear, he rushed towards those in front of him as his axe and club moved even faster than before, boosted by his newfound power, his Infernal Energy flowed through his body like boiling blood, his power was enhanced exponentially as he showered Anna and Ervas with powerful blows!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"HAAAAAAHHHHH!"

He roared loudly, his enormous body exuded a pressuring power, this was his true potential, he was unleashing everything! EVERYTHING!

Anna and Ervas gritted their teeth, they were barely able to withstand it!

However, they were not alone, Erubas and Vudia flew behind the Infernal General of Resilience and attacked him!

Erubas released the power of his spirits within him as they shaped as a monstrous chimeric being, fusing with his telekinesis power, they formed a strange Telekinesis Spirit Chimera Beast!

"RRROOAARR!"

It resembled a snake with multiple heads of different beasts such as lion, wolves, bears, goats, and dragons, all roaring furiously as their tail shaped as a claw reached the Infernal General of Resilience and slashed through his thick shell and armor, while their heads fired powerful spirit and telekinesis beams!

CLASH! CLASH! CLAHS! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"Unnggh…?!"

The Infernal General of Resilience looked behind him with exhaustion and surprise, as Vudia used her thundering power to shower him with them and a countless bath of piercing golden and thundering weapons!

CLASH! CLASH! BOOM! BOOM!

And Anna and Ervas used this opportunity to attack him from the front, using everything they had! Anna used her axe's thundering blows and Ervas his piercing telekinesis spears; the Infernal General of Resilience was being showered from all sides with attacks!

He was being torn apart!

"No… This… I'll have to… Do it then…!"

The Infernal General of Resilience gritted his teeth as he controlled the Accursed Gluttonous Specters from his weapons, taking them out of them and then infusing them into his very body!

"Use my soul as fuel but give me the power to survive and defeat them!"

The vicious specters began to devour his soul into pieces little by little, as the Infernal General of Resilience's power began to multiply!

FLASH!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 180 - Thunder & Telekinesis Users VS A Tough Demon 5


-----

The Infernal General of Resilience power began to multiply. He had let the Accursed Gluttony Specters fuse with him and use his own soul as fuel, as they began to devour it, his power started to multiply and his body changed, growing larger and more muscular.

An aura of darkness emanated from his body as his shell armor grew anew across his body, becoming larger and harder as well!

A powerful tyrannical aura of darkness and infernal energy surged from the Infernal General of Resilience's body. His eyes flashing with crimson-red light as his size now surpassed over 20 meters! What kind of terrifying monster is this?!

His power was brought back, and his aura emanated the power of devouring and gluttony within it. His axe and mace had become enormous too, each one being over 4 meters big.

His entire aura distorted the scene around him, it was all as if the space around him had become denser…

Anna, Vudia, Ervas, and Erubas were kept looking for a few split of a second.

"I won't… lose to you, mere summons!" roared the Infernal General of Resilience, as he swung his weapons, releasing a powerful shockwave of darkness everywhere!

TRUUUUUUMMM!!!

. Anna and Vudia were protected by the Ervas twins as they fused their telekinetic power and formed a large barrier, but the barrier shattered several times, as they had to conjure it constantly!

CRAAAAASSSH!

"He had increased his power exponentially; can we defeat him in such a state?" wondered Ervas.

"There is a way, we have to just get into his own size and punch him." Said Anna.

"Indeed, his soul is being devoured by his own power, its not like this powerup will last long." Said Erubas.

"And what do you have in mind?" asked Ervas.

"Well…"

Anna and Erubas looked at Vudia, as the adorable cyclops fairy girl smiled cheekily.

"Hehe… I suppose it is time to use my trump card! Come out, El Dorado!"

CLASH!

A sudden tremor thundered in front of the Infernal General of Resilience, as he saw with his flashing red eyes as an enormous giant made of gold appeared!

It resembled a very common-looking golem, as if it were made of golden bricks with two heavy arms resembling giant pillars, his head resembled a large temple, with a flashing golden light coming from within the darkness inside.

El Dorado was a special Golem designed by Vudia through her ability of the same name. In her original story, she used this powerful entity to fight against the many threats that presented themselves before her and her mother, tyrannical ensuing a complete chaos as she devastated everything with it!

The enormous golem-mech was over 24 meters, even bigger than the transformed Infernal General of Resilience! An aura of thundering light and golden essence emerged from it, its tyrannical presence was overwhelming and strong.

The four summons were inside of it, or well, they were transported inside of it the moment the cute Vudia summoned the giant golem out of nowhere.

She had gotten this ability some time ago, and used it a few times within battles, but she had made improvements into the giant mech through the addition of several magic materials harvested from dropped items.

"T-That's…"

Even the Infernal General of Resilience was left in shock!

He looked at the glorious golden colors and aura of El Dorado and couldn't help but move a bit away!

It was simply… so powerful!

Vudia had used this ability and connected her Summon Origin into it, alongside the Summon Origin of Anna, Ervas, and Erubas.

"We are connected to it?" asked Anna.

"Yeah! Summon Origins are like the soul of us Summons it is part of our master's souls too. El Dorado has the power to connect to souls or Summon Origins of anyone that rides it. So we can all share our power together into it and make it extra strong! But the maximum capacity as of now is 3 extra passengers, meaning you three!" said Vudia.

Vudia revealed a sudden inner power within her Ability that the other summons was unaware of. It seems that they were able to enhance the golem by pouring their own power into it! Could this mean that the golem could use their abilities?

The answer quickly came in front of them without the summons having asked for it beforehand, as the enormous golden golem generated an enormous axe made of golden metallic material, thundering with electricity!

The golem began to move without stopping towards the Infernal General of Resilience, flying across the skies while shrouding itself in the power of thunder, telekinesis, and the many spirits already infused into the summons!

FLAAAAAAASSSHHH!

The summons quickly nodded in silence, knowing what they had to do as if instinctively, they moved at a fast pace across the skies as the Infernal General of Resilience gathered resolve and began to unleash his true power, several spectral jaws emerged across his aura and fired beams of darkness against them!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

However, El Dorado raised his axe and began to intercept them all with incredible speed and precision despite its enormous size! Anna felt her mind connected to the enormous golem, her thoughts, techniques, and way of fighting were shared into it! She moved her arms mentally and used axe techniques with her mere thoughts, as the golem moved to her will!

"RAAA!"

The Infernal General of Resilience roared, as he charged towards the golem with all his might, resembling a meteor of darkness!

CLAAAAAAAAASSSSH!

However, El Dorado intercepted him and began to punch him several times with its golden weapon and its powerful thundering aura! The Infernal General of Resilience continued to attack it with his weapons while the golem used his axe, the two clashed against one another into an explosive battle of tremendous proportions!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The thunderous sounds of the giant weapons hitting each other was so loud they felt as if they were about to split the heavens in half!

However, as the Infernal General of Resilience began to slowly overwhelm El Dorado, the golem's chest suddenly opened, as a gigantic cannon appeared, flashing spiritual power and other elements into a beam, and impacting him directly with it!

BOOOOOOMMM!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 181 - A Sorrowful Death And Gustav's New Resolve


-----

BOOOOOMMM!

The Infernal General of Resilience received a powerful Elemental and Spiritual Cannon right into his chest!

And to boot, it came charged with Telekinesis Energy too, breaking through his armor and shattering it all!

"G-Gahh…!"

The Infernal General of Resilience looked with horror as his chest was suddenly pierced by this powerful impactful beam, his flesh burnt through as the beam easily pierced his body, leaving a giant hole in the middle of his torso…!

His Infernal Core was shattered into pieces.

His eyes flickered as his consciousness began to black out.

. His memories surged through his mind as he began to recall his people, and the tyranny that he had protected them against…

His family.

Not even sorrow for his own death, but sorrow that he wont be able to see them ever again, nor he would be able to protect them…

The Infernal General of Resilience looked at the golem's golden eye, the summons inside suddenly fell silent.

"Ah… P-Please… Protect… What I've left behind…"

His eyes suddenly closed, as he died.

His consciousness dived into eternal darkness, as within the darkness, bubbles of memories appeared.

"Zadun! Zadun!"

The voice of a little girl called to him within such memories, as the Infernal General of Resilience looked down at the little orphan demon girl. Her skin was red and her eyes fiery orange-colored, small ores grew around her skin.

"Yes?"

"Will you become an Infernal General?"

"I have to… It is to protect you all…"

"But will you leave us after that…?"

Zadun gripped his fists, his large body was perhaps 5 times the size of the little girl, but her words really impacted him.

"I… I will come back."

"Don't die…" the girl muttered, as she hugged him.

"I won't… I will come back for you and everyone… I am your big brother after all."

Zadun's consciousness began to fade away…

His last thoughts were filled with regret.

And his last words were holding up into a delusion over the empathy that complete strangers might feel for him.

"I am sorry…" he thought, as he faded into nothingness.

A bittersweet feeling shrouded the four summons, what they thought was an evil-doer run-of-the-mill demon wasn't really like that?

Wasn't he an enemy? Then why? Why would he ask them to protect what he left behind?

His lifeless body rested over El Dorado, motionlessly.

They slowly descended into the ground, and put his body to rest over the ground, his size slowly going back to normal, his soul was also gone, his power devoured it all…

Items slowly began to emerge around him, but this only made things worse.

"Did we do the right thing?" wondered Vudia.

"Why did he asked us to protect what he left behind? Aren't we, his enemies?" wondered Ervas.

"I don't understand…" muttered Erubas.

"I don't know why but… when he looked at us like this… I felt a bit of his emotions… So much regret… Perhaps… he was grasping whatever hope he had for our empathy over his circumstances." Said Anna.

"To protect what he left behind… His soul is gone too, master cannot ask his soul this either…" said Ervas.

Vudia looked at the brave demon she fought; her heart felt a bit doubtful of their own actions.

But deep down, they knew that they did what they had to do to protect their own world, the world of their master.

Gustav looked at the scene from afar, his eyes seemed expressionless. He seems to have heard him, and even saw his soul slowly fade, his last words within his consciousness as well.

As a Necromancer, seeing the true nature of souls wasn't hard, even more when they all faced the death of their body, or of their very soul, entering into complete nonexistence.

"Protect what you left behind? We are enemies yet you ask my summons to help your people? What is exactly going on in the Demon World?" wondered Gustav, as he looked over the red tower.

What was Gustav? He was certainly not a hero. Nor a human anymore. He was evolving and transforming so much over such a short amount of time that he usually felt very different from how he used to be.

But he often asked himself… "What would my previous self have done in such a situation?"

He looked at the battlefield as the swarm of mindless demons continued to emerge, these creatures… were they sentient?

He began to analyze them in more detail, they seemed like wild beasts compared to the Infernal Generals. Could this swarm of chaotic demons be but something similar to wild monsters?

Meanwhile, there were higher castes of demons with advanced intelligence not different from humans. They were fighting for a motive, although some of their members were actual sickos that just wanted to slaughter others, the Infernal General of Resilience seemed different, he was a true man, and one that seemed to have been fighting for necessity and to protect his people.

He was no different than a soldier fighting to protect his country and to bring victory to it, so he and his people can continue to prosper.

At the end of the day, this was an apocalypse, a battle royale of sorts between all dimensions. But Gustav simply couldn't understand something.

Why? Why were people from all worlds going according to this apocalypse?

Perhaps it sounded selfish, and maybe insane… But why wouldn't they team together, countless dimensions, and fight back against the one that is seeing them all as an ultimate source of entertainment?

Perhaps they knew that it was impossible to fight against the Great One Above All Creation… it was like trying to fight against a fact, something that exists above you and which you will never reach, no matter how hard you try.

A being capable of manipulating dimensions to their liking.

Is there even a way to fight such a monster?

A new resolve emerged on Gustav's mind, one that perhaps was influenced by the last will of the Infernal General of Resilience…

Unify the dimensions…

Grow stronger…

And fight back against the real enemy.

However, for such an insane dream, Gustav will need to fight many battles.

And one of them was approaching, as the Infernal General of Might glared at him…

"Great One Above All Creation, you should had never given me a System." Said Gustav, as he glared at the heavens!

The Great One Above All Creation overlooked countless dimensions through his incredible interdimensional senses.

He looked at Gustav at the same time as countless other beings.

He stopped looking at other dimensions as he heard his words.

A feeling of excitement surged from within his entire being.

A lowly bacteria said it would defeat him one day?

How amusing!

He couldn't help but rub his chin and smile.

His entire presence which twisted Dimensional Fabrics of Reality and absorbed endless cosmos constantly, couldn't help but feel admiration towards the insanity of this character.

"Defeat me? I had never considered that one of them would even consider this as an actual option. Interesting… Let's see how far you can go, and let's see if we'll ever get to see face to face, Gustav, wielder of the Supreme Summoner System… I am expecting great things of you, don't disappoint me!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 182 - Gustav VS A Mighty Demon 1


-----

The Infernal General of Might looked at Gustav with his eyes squinting intensively. His allies had been slain one by one in front of him as he battled Kireina and the other Summons, spirits, and more, but his power was increasingly higher than the rest, and was mostly trying to get to Gustav but always being stopped.

He was strong, and the three Kireinas were managing to push him further away, but it wasn't going to last long… Gustav, after seeing how the other generals were taken care of, quickly gathered mana round his body as an aura of several combined elements surged like an overflowing flame of rainbows.

Kireina and her twins were not going to last long, it was time for him to step into battle.

The Infernal General of Might looked at him as he recalled his past, and why he came here.

As he evaded the attacks of Kireina and her twins and swung his Demon Sword across the skies, shattering the heavens…

The powerful Infernal Lords of the Demon World had given him the task of conquering this world now that the Celestials and the Slarkobs were defeated. It was an easy task if you put into consideration all the time spent into this and how the world was going to be magic-less, for the most part.

But that changed when Gustav and company arrived, the ones that he thought he would end up fighting later came to him sooner than he had ever anticipated… And strong enough to fight them toe-to-toe somehow! Even though it took him so long to defeat the Celestial King and barely a few days had passed since then, but now… he was even stronger, to the point of being comparable to their realm of Demigodhood!

. And not only him, but the summons he had! Extensions of his own Summoning power which grew exponentially stronger the more buffs and other bonuses he acquired… such a tremendous power!

The Summons defeated three of the Infernal Generals after some effort, forcing them to separate and dominating the battlefield.

It feels as if they had already lost the moment Gustav stepped in front of them.

Gustav grabbed his spear and looked at the Infernal General of Might.

FLASH!

Suddenly, he reached the Infernal General of Might in an instant, like a ray of bright light, as his spear began to move at an incredible speed!

"W-What?!"

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

Each piercing attack bathed the Infernal General of Might with tremendous wounds, his entire body shook!

It was completely different than fighting Kireina and her twins… Gustav, as the summoner, shouldn't be so strong by himself!

But why…?

Why was he so ridiculously strong?!

"Kireina, Katrina, Katarina, go support the rest. I will take him down." Said Gustav, his resolve blazing with golden brilliance. His summons nodded obediently as they felt excited that Gustav finally stepped into the fight!

"Y-You're so strong…! This cannot be! You're a summoner, right?! Your power… You're already a Demigod? No… You're even higher? Then why didn't you finished us beforehand?!" roared the Infernal General of Might.

"I don't have to answer that question to you. (And its mostly because it cost so much Mana to show my true might, I will run out at some point and end defenseless… My Mana regeneration can only keep up too much before I feel the side effects of Mana overuse.)"

"Tch… I won't let you kill me. I will slay you! I cannot lose now; I must defeat you so we can conquer this world… That is… our mission!" roared the Infernal General of Might, as his might showed itself into a powerful flaring aura of darkness and red colors, his eyes flashed with bright red color as his body grew stronger. The wounds left over his body slowly recovered, as he flew towards Gustav and began clashing his sword's blade against Gustav's spear!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"I won't let you. This world… is mine." Said Gustav, his eyes flashed with bright yellow-gold light, as seven colorful spears emerged around him through his Aura! All of them infused with powerful elements!

The eyes of the Infernal General of Might opened wide open as he saw the power coming form those spears! What kind of summoner was Gustav?!

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

The elemental spears flew towards the Infernal General of Might as two impaled his body, while he managed to evade the others and flew around!

"Nnnggh…! T-This…!"

"Boom." Said Gustav, closing his hands tightly.

BOOOOOOMMMM!!!!

"UUAAAGGH…!"

The two spears exploded, releasing a deadly elemental attack over the entirety of the Infernal General of Might's body!

"Hm? Oh…"

However, Gustav calm demeanor held still as the fight was not over. The Infernal General of Might managed to survive somehow, the wounds were still over his bdoy, two giant holes, but his body did not blow up as Gustav expected.

"Tough… To be expected of a demigod-level demon." Said Gustav, as he continued to follow the Infernal General of Might with his other spears!

The Infernal General of Might began to heal his own wounds as he flew away from Gustav's deadly attacks, he flew upwards and evaded them, but two came from above, flashing with elemental and colorful auras!

"Demon Blade Technique: Nether-Slicing Darkness!"

The Infernal General of Might unleashed a powerful technique as he moved his hands swiftly alongside his blade, the blade! The blade released several slashing attacks continuously as they impacted the spears!

CLASH! CLASH! BOOOM! BOOOM!

The spears exploded before him, the shockwave throwing him near Gustav, where the vicious summoner caught him with his Gungnir Valhalla!

"One Thousand Divine Piercing Thrusts."

Gustav activated his Weapon's special ability, as it flashed with bright aura of divine power!

As if the weapon gained life by itself, it flashed around and transformed into… one thousand illusions of itself, all piercing through the Infernal General of Might!

"Unnggh…! That's nothing!"

The Infernal General of Might roared angrily as his blade suddenly opened a red-shot eye, a blast of darkness and red light came from it, as he swung it everywhere, resisting Gustav's power!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 183 - Gustav VS A Mighty Demon 2


-----

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

Gustav and the Infernal General of Might attacked each other with their strongest moves!

Gustav gritted his teeth as he began to draw Mana from Alma far away, while using the Mana he had which continuously regenerated to infuse it into his attack, his spear moved so fast it formed illusions of itself, all piercing through the Infernal General of Might entire body!

However, was that an illusion too? The Infernal General of Might seemed to create after images of himself made of shadows! However, some of such attacks did reach him, leaving him with deadly and deep wounds!

The Infernal General of Might's blade suddenly opened one single red-shot eye from within its handle, filling the demonic blade with new and powerful magic.

He swung his blade, releasing deadly slashes of darkness all around, exploding around the heavens and shacking everything!

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

Countless golden spears clashed against slashes of darkness and red energy, divine and infernal energies impacting one another into explosions that shook the heavens, no, the world!

But Gustav had yet to go all out!

"Let's see… Blood Manipulation."

FLASH!

Gustav's entire body began to release steam as his blood started to move, boiling!

. This was the ability to pump the speed of his blood to insane levels. His blood was already divine in nature, so wouldn't this boost be more than enough to make him even stronger? While activating countless other of skills, a sudden overflowing, red-colored aura emerged from Gustav which even the Infernal General of Might admired.

"You… How many types of energies are possessing your body?! How is he not getting blown up into shreds by combining them?!"

The Infernal General of Might flew towards Gustav and gathered a large amount of energy within it, his dark armor flashed with purple and red energies resembling a demonic specter, infusing into his blade as his horns emanated a powerful aura, which also entered the blade!

"Let's see if you can take this, Summoner!"

Infernal General of Might roared as he confronted Gustav bravely, a slashing attack was released from his blade, but it was so gigantic it had almost the size of 100 meters!

It was like an enormous wave of darkness that could cut through anything, and it flew so fast that Gustav wouldn't be able to escape it in time!

How would Gustav be able to react to this?

Of course, he gathered his power, as his Aura suddenly resembled a combination of blood and holy fire, combining into bloody fire!

FLAAASSSSH!

The bizarre combination became an enormous shield, as he materialized it and enchanted it with other elements.

CLAAAASSSSSHHHH!

The explosive bombing of elements cracked the heavens as every cloud above the skies dissipated!

Gustav sneaked around the explosion, using this opportunity to strike!

He reached up to the Infernal General of Might, only to be greeted by a beam of darkness right into his face!

BOOOOOOOMMMM!

"Nnngh…!"

Gustav gritted his teeth, taking on the beam as he started to push forward! But his small body couldn't! Even with the blood boost…

"Then…"

FLASH!

Gustav utilized another new ability, as his entire body shook loudly! He began to shapeshift and in just a single second, he had changed!

He had become a figure of over 20 meters tall, covered by scales, possessing sharp claws, and having a large jaw filled with sharp teeth. He looked tyrannical and intimidating. His entire body had turned into a black-scaled dragon, with bones around his body as if they were armor plates. His eyes flashed with crimson-red light, as his claws grew bigger… the aura of several elements surged from his body like a never-ending flame.

He had used his Dragon Transformation Skill!

With this new form and body, his strength was multiplied several times, and pushed forward through the attack of the Infernal General of Might, finding him at long last, as his claws, and spear began to shower the Infernal General of Might with deadly attack!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"NNNNGGGGRRUUUUAAAGGHH…!"

The Infernal General of Might screamed in agony as he began to be torn apart! The monstrous dragon in front of him was a Summoner?! How as this even possible?

And the spirits Gustav summoned began to fuse with his body and soul, flashing with new power! He was spending Mana to an insane degree; his regeneration was barely keeping up with it despite his massive Mana reserves!

"S-Such overwhelming power…! What… what are you?!" cried the Infernal General of Might, he couldn't possibly believe that Gustav was an actual human!

What the heck was he really?

He was… worse than a demon.

He was a monster!

The Infernal General of Might unleashed several slashing attacks using his blade and released countless dark attribute spells, his infernal energy flashing out of his body like an endless river, while Gustav tanked all the hits with his scaled body as his attacks crushed through the Infernal General of Might!

However, he felt like he was resisting too well, he needed to push further, further!

"Divine Spirit Fusion!"

FLAAAAASSSSH!

Gustav suddenly summoned the Golden Flames Chimaera Dragon from his Beast Orb, as the monstrous beast roared loudly and then merged with him!

His entire body changed, becoming golden colored, as several aspects of other monsters began to surge through his body, he felt his Beast Ki going down at a fast pace, but his power was enhanced even further!

The Infernal General of Might gritted his teeth in utter horror as he saw the true terrifying power of Gustav, on all of its golden splendor!

"Impossible… T-This is…"

Gustav charged a powerful breath attack, coming out of his jaws like a beam of golden light, consuming him.

His darkness fought all it could, but his blade suddenly began to crack, shattering!

CRASH!

"What… kind of monster… are you?" he muttered as his last words, before fading into ashes!

The beam that Gustav fired, however, was directed to the red tower in front of him!

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

The entity within the tower was surprised!

"W-What is he doing?!"

CRAAAAASSSHH!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 184 - Finding The Infernal Tower Lord


-----

Gustav's powerful breath Attack managed to finally overpower and defeat the Infernal General of Might, as it continued its course, impacting the red tower within it!

CLAAAAASSSSHH!

"Nnnggh?! W-What!"

The entity within the tower was surprised, how could it be possible for Gustav to be able to actually damage the tower? It had begun to show cracks on it, as demonic and infernal energies began to frantically pour of it, the entire dungeon-like magical structure was being consumed!

Gustav didn't stopped, channeling the power of his summons through his Mana Connection with them, he began to pour even more power into his breath attack, breaking through the tower's magical defenses one by one!

CLASH!

"No…!"

CRASH!

"Wait… Hold up!"

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

"Gyyyaaaaggh…!"

The entity looked like the entire tower that it inhabited began to break apart into pieces! It looked down into the portal that it connected the tower to the World of Demons, the portal quickly closed itself, leaving it trapped in this tower falling apart!

"You damn human!!!"

The entity within the tower cried in anger, as the entire structure fell over it!

. BOOOOOMMM!!!

A tremor resonated through the entire area around the tower. The demons pouring out of it were also crushed to death!

CRAAAAASSHH…!

Gustav quickly spoke to Gaia.

"Gaia, is this enough? Has the tower ceased working properly?" he asked.

"It has! It stopped working… the portal that led to the Demon World was also broken… Outstanding work, Gustav!" Gaia praised Gustav, as he looked over the tower, it emanated a strong presence… the being within it had yet to die even after being crushed by the entire building falling apart.

Gustav flew towards it, charging more of his power.

"I will finish it right away!"

He roared on his dragon form, leaping into the fallen apart tower, only to find… a small hand coming out of it, then another, as a demon girl came out!

A demon girl who was quite not so intimidating.

Her skin was bright red, she had two small black horns, a red jewel in the middle of her forehead, and long black hair, with shiny golden eyes. She wore a black dress that revealed her slim legs, and black sandals.

However, Gustav didn't really care about her appearance, he knew she was a strong, and an enemy, and therefore, he was going to kill her.

"W-WAAAIT! I SURRENDER!"

However, against this expectations of an epic battle where she would resist and fight against him angrily… she surrendered!

Gustav was thrown out of his own vibe, feeling a bit strange.

"Excuse me? You surrender?!" asked Gustav. His dragon form opened its jaws wide open; it was ready to blast her with a powerful breath attack.

"Yeah! You're way too ridiculously strong! Do you think I am dumb enough to fight against you and die? I can't even escape back; you broke the portal!" she complained, as if Gustav had done something terrible and sinful.

"So what? You were invading my planet. It was the natural thing to do to protect it with what I had. Wouldn't you also fight back if some strangers came to your world and began massacring all life to conquer it?!" asked Gustav.

The girl suddenly got silent. Gustav had a point…

"R-Right… I suppose… You are in the right there… T-That's why I surrender!" she said. She was very child-like, just like her appearance gave it out. She even was very flat for a demoness of her age.

Gustav didn't knew what to do.

"Should I kill her anyways for EXP?" he wondered.

"Gustav, it would be better to catch her as a prisoner, she could give us a lot of valuable info about her world! She also seems strong. If there can be a way to make her trustful, she would be a good ally." Said Gaia.

"Hmm… Fine. Although Kireina and her twins were already looking her with the intent of eating her… It will be a tad bit hard to talk them out of it." Sighed Gustav.

"R-Right… Perhaps… Do your best." Said Gaia.

"Fine, you can come, but first, we'll do a little thing." Said Gustav, as he infused his soul into the demoness' body, she was surprised, but let him have his way.

He began to make something quite rough, but he effectively used his Mana and soul to create a soul contract, binding the girl's soul to his and then overpowering her in the contract due to her willingness to surrender.

Due to this, she instantly became his servant, and felt an instinctual and strange desire to kneel.

"It worked properly… I seem to have become proficient at magic and other things without even using Skills too." Said Gustav.

"Ah… W-What happened? What did you do to me, m-my lord? Ah! Why did I called you like that, my lord? Uwah! Again? My lord! What is going on?!" she cried.

"I've forced into you a contract. Now you're below my authority and won't betray me as easily…" said Gustav.

"Now, let's clean this mess and go back home, I want to take a nap…" sighed Gustav. He was quite exhausted, after using so much mana and assessing the entire army of summons, he felt like falling unconscious at any moment! He really wanted a break, for fuck's sake.

The army quickly picked up everything they found and saved it inside his inventory, as he grabbed the demon girl with his giant dragon hand and brought her inside his Divine Realm/Inner World.

FLASH!

The girl found the immense internal world within Gustav's soul as incredible.

"Y-You have this inside your soul, my lord?!" she asked.

"Indeed, now, tell me what the heck you are." Said Gustav, as he turned back into a human and interrogated the demon right away over an empty grassland. Kireina, Katrina, and Katarina looked at her from all sides too, intimidatingly.

"Speak, little girl~"

"Don't worry, as long as you speak there won't be any beatings."

"We swear…"

"E-Eheee?!"

The demon was a bit scared…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 185 - Destroying The Infernal Tower & Capturing The Tower Lord!


-----

After having accumulated a lot of EXP from everything, Gustav felt a rush of power as he gained several levels! Not only the shared EXP from the other generals helped him level up, but also that of the one he defeated, and the countless little demons slain below his feet by his summons and tamed monsters.

Ding!

[Your Level has increased from Level 197 to Level 198!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 198 to Level 199!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 199 to Level 200!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 200 to Level 201!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 201 to Level 202!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 202 to Level 203!]

…

His stats skyrocketed a bit more, but he didn't reached max level yet! It seems that it would take way longer for that now, but with the levels he got now Gustav was more than satisfied as he looked at the demon.

"My name is Natasha Uroboros… I am the Tower Lord designed for this world… Ugh…" she sighed.

. She already began to spit some of her true identity, but Gustav didn't knew what it even meant to be a "tower lord".

"What is even a Tower Lord?" asked Gustav.

"A tower lord is a lord of a tower, obviously! When we invade worlds, we create Infernal Towers to make a connection to our world and keep a portal open. Tower Lord such as I take care of the Infernal Tower and keep it clean and safe, while reinforcing it with our Infernal Energy… It is basic stuff. You destroyed it so I don't have a way to go back home either!" she sighed.

"I see. You cannot create a portal by yourself?" asked Gustav.

"No, I don't think I can with my current capabilities. But maybe if I grow stronger." She said.

Gustav squinted his eyes and looked at her face deeply.

"…"

He sighed.

"I will ask you more things later, for now, stay in this new house at the side of mine. Don't try anything funny or I won't forgive your life. And let me tell you, I will know if you try anything funny." Said Gustav, his eyes flashed with such intensity and bloodthirst that she felt like something she could barely comprehend looked at her.

"O-Okay, I get it…" she said.

Gustav walked away with his wives as she looked at his back.

"What are you? How can you be so strong despite being a magic-less human?" she asked.

Gustav looked back at her.

"I am a player." He said, walking back to his large house.

"A player…?"

Natasha wondered what the heck a player was, as she slowly moved inside the small cabin given to her. There was even a bed and snacks, potable water, and anything she could need.

"Ugh… Captured by the enemy… What else could go wrong now?" she sighed with frustration, falling over her bed.

Gustav, meanwhile, decided to go take a bath by himself, he wanted to assess things out now that he was done with the demon issue.

It had an anti-climatic ending, but the fights were still quite intense.

Now that the world was seemingly not being invaded by these otherworldly beings anymore, he could relax some more and slowly move around the globe, aiding the people against Dungeons and more.

But… the giant tentacle was left.

"Gaia, is there anything aside from this tentacle?" asked Gustav.

Gaia emerged at his side and began to float around, analyzing her surface.

"It… doesn't seem to be the case! Been a long time, but we are finally clear of them… But even then, that gigantic being is still sticking his appendage into my body and slowly draining energy from it, slicing it is a priority." She said.

"Indeed, I don't know if I am ready for it yet, but there' aren't many other places I can level up anymore…" sighed Gustav, as he looked over his status.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Abyssal Blood Vampire]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [117]

[Gold: [5.175.569]

[Hero Feathers: [1.166.742]

[Hero Fragments: [815.340]

[Job: [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]

[Skill Points: [1.166.426]

[Existence Rank: [Demi Deity: 2/9 -> 3/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: High Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Initial Stage -> Middle Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Natal Opening Realm (Upper Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 2]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management]

[Level: [184/210] -> [203/210]

[Vitality: [7.600.000/7.600.000 -> 8.500.000/8.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 50.000]

[Mana: [10.780.000/10.780.000 -> 12.110.000/12.110.000] [Growth Per Level: 70.000]

[Strength: [7.200.000 -> 8.150.000] [Growth Per Level: 50.000]

[Magic: [9.280.000 -> 10.610.000] [Growth Per Level: 70.000]

[Dexterity: [7.000.000 -> 7.950.000] [Growth Per Level 50.000]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 4.500], [Fire: 16.000], [Water: 5.500], [Wind: 3.500], [Space: 7.000], [Time: 4.500], [Life: 6.000], [Death: 14.500], [Dark: 8.500], [Light: 6.500]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 2.200], [Dream/Nightmare: 2.200], [Phantom: 8.500], [Blood: 16.000], [Poison: 4.500], [Soul: 23.000], [Nature: 5.000], [Thunder: 3.000], [Ice: 5.500], [War/Strength: 18.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 7.500], [Fate: 12.000], [Void: 6.000], [Law: 8.500], [System: 22.000]

…

He looked at his stats increased quite amazingly after the levels, and also saw how his Existence Realm had already given the jump to Rank 3 Demigod! With this, it was showcased that he had become stronger without a shed of a doubt.

He smiled a bit, there were still too many things to do and think about, but he relaxed over the warm water and let his worries fly away for a bit.

"Hahh…"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 186 - Tasks Complete


-----

The Infernal Lords of the Demon World were shaken when they heard the news form other Infernal Generals.

Apparently, not only the Infernal Generals sent to Earth were slain swiftly, but even the Tower Lord, Natasha Uroboros was seemingly killed alongside having her own tower destroyed by this particular human… the portal that led to the Demon World was destroyed! The crack in the skies that led to the demon world had been closed beforehand too, so now, the demons had no way to come back to this mysterious and small world.

Many of the infernal lords were angered and shaken, they were figures of great authority over the areas of the Demon World, hearing that there was such a huge loss made them angered, but also a bit… scared.

This human who they had underestimated had once more broke the boundaries of common sense and done the unthinkable… he had already defeated a whole fleet of Slarkobs and even the Celestial King and his troops.

With no ways of going back now aside from waiting until they can open a portal once more, the demons were left with no other options than leave this project behind for the moment.. There were many other planets to invade and conquer, they didn't had the time to bother with this small planet without any magic and with a subpar world's core to extract.

They were foolish, however, as the more time they gave to Gustav, the stronger he would grow…

…

Natasha Uroboros had already been staying inside of Gustav's Divine Realm for over a week, and has done nothing but laze around, eat snacks, and read comics, manga, books, and light novels that Gustav brought to her occasionally.

He had already extracted most of the info she had, knowing about the several figures of the demon world that reigned over others, and more, about the tribes of various intelligent demons, and about how this demon world was structured, which seemed gigantic and near endless on its vastness.

The Infernal Generals were even less than lap dogs after he learned the truth, and she, a Tower Lord, wasn't much either, a disposable soldier, as there were perhaps thousands like her if not more. They were simply "working" on what they had to do and were definitely not special people when there were so many like them.

This only made Gustav more concerned and worried about the actual powers of this world, about the actual talented and chosen ones, and about the actual monsters that roamed the demon world… the top dogs amongst top dogs, to have these strong generals as just disposable pawns must be of incredible power.

After having learned most from her, Natasha had been left slacking around. It was interesting how she had ended being assimilated by the world and even gained a status in the soul records.

But due to her tower lord-like lazy nature, she was barely trying to do anything.

While Gustav, even on his break day, was trying to work hard, going into the dungeon every day, sometimes going outside to met with other humans and help them deal with problems, and so on…

But she was just lazing around…

Gustav has already become something of a well-known figure. After the incident with the demons, he had spent a month moving in and out of his divine realm.

He spent a few days in south America, aiding the people, slaying the monster populations, and keeping a control over their dungeons. He later on went to Europe and Australia, where he also helped as he could. After that came Asia, and he cleared a few dungeons that were terrorizing the survivors.

He had not decided to include more people into his divine realm yet, because these people outside seemed to eb doing mostly fine, adapted to the leveling system. Although most of their governments were destroyed when the things began, some were being rebuilt. He only hoped things wouldn't get too crazy and they would begin using this power to abuse humans despite having so many new threats outside of their own societies… Well, perhaps it was too soon for this to occur.

Gustav had cleared dungeons and his own dungeon, but they were all so low-level compared to his incredible levels, that he didn't actually got a single level up from all these little adventures, but at the very least managed to complete a lot of Quests.

…

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 6400 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x5, 100000 Gold, 100000 Hero Feathers, 25 Orbs] COMPLETE

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 12800 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x10, 200000 Gold, 200000 Hero Feathers, 30 Orbs] COMPLETE

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 25600 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x15, 300000 Gold, 300000 Hero Feathers, 35 Orbs] COMPLETE

[Defeat Monsters and Level Up, Defeat 51200 Foes: [Premium Random Item Box] x20, 400000 Gold, 400000 Hero Feathers, 40 Orbs] COMPLETE

…

He looked at his tasks being completed, and quickly retrieved all the bonus items from within them, a large pile of gold and other resources, accompanied with many new Premium Random Item Boxes! With this and the Orbs alone, he should be more than capable of powering up once more.

And even more because these boxes were the Premium and more amazing versions! Meaning that the rewards they had could be just as amazing too, if not even more than his previous ones.

He had siphoned a lot of luck out of the demons too, so he had a large accumulation of Fortune atop him in the form of a golden cloud. He was going to spend a bit of it in these item boxes to open them all and see what kind of crazy shit he gets.

However, before that happened, he reached up to Natasha's cabin.

"Huh' W-What do you want?"

Gustav moved towards her and grabbed her.

"Uagh! W-What are you doing? D-Don't dare touch my body!" she roared, but Gustav didn't heard her, carrying her in front of the Legendary-Rank Dungeon.

"Get inside, kill monsters, and level up! Stop being lazy!" he roared.

"GYAAAAAH!"

Natasha was thrown into the depths of the dungeon!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 187 - I Am Not A Hero...


-----

Gustav threw Natasha into the dungeon, as the demon girl roared and complained.

"You can't do that! I am a Tower Lord!"

"You're nothing now, so get moving and get to work. You said you can make a portal to the demon world if you grow stronger, right? So go grow stronger for once." Said Gustav, he was being tyrannically cruel!

"Geez! F-Fine!"

Natasha began rushing around the depths of the dungeon, her strength enough to pulverize most creatures on sight, and gaining EXP due to it.

"W-Wow! What is this? leveling up feels amazing!" she said as she began leveling up.

The way she was able to be assimilated into the Soul Records was a bit of a mystery to Gustav, but Gaia answered him after he asked her today. He hadn't done it before because he was too busy doing many things to have this thought cross through his mind.

. "After the contract you did with her, it happened automatically. Similarly to the tamed monsters you have, they gain status and can level up after they made a tamed monster contract with you automatically." Said Gaia.

"Wait, so she's like my pet? This sounds oddly lewd." Sighed Gustav.

"I-I don't know what to think, but that's how it is, Gustav…"

Gustav sighed, as he walked to the back of his large house within his divine realm. He admired the large city far away, it had been rebuilt beautifully in this time, and the humans inside were prospering rather happily. The people had adapted to the leveling system and were progressively growing stronger.

Due to his inner world upgrading itself and becoming like his own divine realm, the entire space expanded a lot, making it even vaster of a land, the people here mostly didn't missed the world outside because this world by itself was much like the one outside, but more beautiful and way before the whole Apocalypse began.

They had already built a stable economy in this little time based on selling and buying monster body parts, food, and materials to craft items, alongside items themselves. The dungeons supported this simple economy thanks to their magical ability to generate resources as long as brave enough souls entered their depths and challenged the monsters inside.

The city's buildings were remade by the aid of Annabelle, the first living house, which had spread her phantasmal power into many other buildings and used her molding capabilities to transform them into suitable homes. She even became the whole city as she expanded her phantasmal bod and soul across the paved floors, which she also constructed, and everything within it.

Meanwhile, there were also the gigantic ghost spaceships which had been fixed by the Slarkobs that Gustav captured and forced to cooperate with him. They were similar than Natasha an ended becoming part of the system, having levels and such, although they were somehow unwilling, they had given up to their prideful natures and acted more obediently of Gustav, with the help of their Undead companions which were kept in perfect and fresh conditions, the Slarkobs had become a small community within the divine realm, mostly dedicated to the research of items, the resurgence and spreading of technology and the combination of it with magic technology, and also as unexpected teachers of all sorts of mathematics, psychics, and the like.

They were certainly unwilling at first, but not much time passed before they became oaky with it at least. And the squid-faced aliens had begun to feel like their previous lives were rather boring compared to their new lives. There's always a lot to do and discover, and humans are not so bad when they decide to ignore their ugly non-tentacle-covered faces.

There was already a large tower growing in the middle of the city, it was a Mage Tower that Gustav had given the order to build, this mage tower would fuel the entire city with more Mana flow, making the inhabitants more refreshed and revitalized, while also making it so it can be used as a replacement for electricity with the new magic technology items being produced by the Slarkobs, where Anna and Gustav also take place into their creation a little bit.

Javier and his family, as the only shapeshifters, and as the strongest "normal" humans had participated in the latest battle as backup in the army, mostly leading the mass of other beings. They had gained a large quantity of levels through this, and had grown exponentially stronger, probably soon to reach the pinnacle of mortality. Thanks to their power and knowledge, this family had become well-known as "instructors" of newbies, amongst other things.

They had been advancing properly in this new world and had become quite the good fighters, Gustav recognized them as good allies too, and often invited them to his dinners or lunch when he had to celebrate something, albeit he did this on a whim whenever he felt like.

Life inside the divine realm was relaxing and tranquil, although many things were occurring outside with the dungeons, not much aside from that. It wasn't so different, but not having deadly monsters roam around your cities is a good plus. Containing the monsters inside the dungeons was the best thing there could be. And after Gustav was done with most of the monster hordes in the outside world, it should be possible for the dungeons to contain the monsters inside naturally and let the people outside prosper more relaxedly.

In just a few months he was already known around the world as a Hero of sorts, although Gustav didn't liked to eb called one and preferred to be referred by his name and nothing else, he wasn't able to escape the admiration of the people towards a heroic figure, something that humans always do and look forward to, someone to admire and follow as species. And he, as the one that has advanced the further in strength was the "chosen one" in this regard.

Despite his unwillingness to be called a hero, he acted very heroically, and despite him not liking heroic figures, he acted very much like one…

He sighed as he thought about this irritating fact, as he decided to open the item boxes to lighten his mood.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 188 - Opening The Premium Random Item Boxes!


-----

Gustav looked down into the pile of box materials in front of him, they were enough for 50 different items to come out of them, although repeated items were to be expected too.

He waved his hand as the system window appeared before him.

Ding!

[Do you wish to open the [Premium Random Item Box] x50?]

<Yes> <No>

Gustav quickly selected the "yes" option, as the several item boxes glowed with bright white light and began to explode into beautiful fireworks, leaving many items behind!

[You acquired the following Items]

. [Premium Resource Loot Crate (100.000 Gold, Hero Feathers, Hero Fragments) (SSS-Grade)] x11

[Ambrosia Elixir of EXP and Skill Points (SSS-Grade)] x11

[Random Divine Material Resource Point Crate (Legendary-Grade)] x10

[All Daily Dungeon Entrance Ticket (Abyssal Difficulty) (Legendary-Grade)] x5

[X20 EXP Ticket (3 Hours) (Legendary Grade)] x4

[Great Divine Summon Star Elixir (Phantasmal-Grade)] x4

[Divine Tamed Monster Evolution Elixir (Phantasmal-Grade)] x4

[Transcendental System Cubic Fruit (Divine-Grade)] x1

…

The new items were a lot, and Gustav almost fell over his own butt when he saw the last one, and the most amazing of the entire batch.

Why was it amazing? Aside from being related to the System, this item in specific was Divine-Grade!

Divine Grade was a Grade of Rarity way above the other items, this seemed like a massive streak of dog shit luck! Gustav saw his Fortune Cloud disappear by almost 70%...

Grades of Rarity went as follows:

F-Grade, E-Grade, D-Grade, C-Grade, B-Grade, A-Grade, S-Grade, SS-Grade, SSS-Grade, Mythic-Grade, Legendary-Grade, Phantasmal-Grade, Heavenly-Grade, and… Divine Grade! There were more Grades above, but this Divine Grade item… it was equivalent to the treasure of someone way stronger than him…

"T-This…"

Gustav held the fruit high as she looked at it with intensity…

The fruit resembled a palm-sized cube made of glowing diamond, white, milky, and with some lustrous aquamarine tones to it. It had a tiny branch and an azure leave stuck to it. It was really a cubic-shaped fruit.

How strange… From where did this mysterious fruit came from?

Of course, the mysterious power of the system could not be easily explained, Gustav, however, decided to check the strange and incredibly rare item's information for further details.

…

[Transcendental System Cubic Fruit (Divine-Grade)]

A fruit created by a mysterious and incredibly rare Heavenly System Tree; an artificial divine material made out of pure System Attribute Particles. Its density of power is incredible, anyone that consumes it gains a great amount of such particles, alongside comprehension of the System Law and may even be capable of producing their own System.

…

The information was simple yet surprising. Gustav didn't even thought it a second and ate the fruit, he began to bite it all around, finding it incredibly delicious, juicy, and flavorful. It was like eating an apple with such a texture, but it also had so many other flavors from different fruits… it left him almost speechless.

"Ah… T-This is so good…"

Gluttony took ahold of Gustav's senses as he began to devour the fruit even more crazily, in just a few seconds, he was done with it, and after that, he received a large burst of power overflowing from his body like a stream of ethereal brilliance!

FLASH!

The brilliance was so beautiful to the point of becoming mesmerizing, Gustav could barely hold into this as his strength was enhanced several times. His understanding of the System deepened, and the System began to evolve… It was already about to Rank Up!

Ding!

[Requirements reached, the System has Ranked Up to Rank 3!]

[The System new System Functions! The [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], and [Mana Creation Factory] System Functions have been unlocked!]

Gustav looked at the new system functions, three new system functions had appeared! And they all seemed interesting and intriguing to him.

"Gustav! That fruit has enhanced the System! I can see why it cost so much Fortune to emerge, it is amazing!" said Gaia.

"I can see that… Summon Fusion, Skill Fusion, and… Eh? Mana Creation Factory?"

"Indeed! It seems that you can fuse summons, skills, and even generate large quantities of mana to regenerate yourself in battle through this factory," said Gaia.

BOOOM!

Suddenly, tremendous tremor shook the entire divine realm, as Gustav noticed that three large buildings emerged out of the ground! A Japanese-like shrine, a small altar with a blue jewel on top, and what seemed to be a large factory made of metal, it even had a chimney where magic smoke began to come out…

"Outstanding, are these the new system functions?" wondered Gustav, rushing towards them. However, he had to first explain what the heck was going on to his people, so after he spent some time calming everyone down over three buildings appearing out of nowhere, he finally went to inspect the places.

He admired the three buildings with surprise and awe, as he looked into the functions descriptions…

…

[Summon Fusion Shrine]

Grants the ability to fuse up to four Summons into a single summon permanently in exchange for required resources. Additionally, a selected summon can receive a summon jewel and absorb it to acquire the summon jewel's powers without having to directly fuse with it.

…

[Skill Fusion Altar]

Touch it to access to the Skill Fusion Tab, through it, you can fuse Skills up to 10 at the same time, in exchange for the required resources. Fused Skills can be custom made selecting the traits you desire out of the ingredient summons, or completely merge everything together into something different.

…

[Mana Creation Factory]

A Mana Creation Factory can produce large quantities of Mana that directly fuels the master. By pouring all sorts of magic-infused resources, this facility can produce mana for the user or any ally it deems as worthy of using this. Additionally, the more this factory is active, the more the power of magical skills is enhanced.

…

Gustav glanced at this with eyes wide open, it was all just as amazing as he had imagined it to be, if not even more insane! He could now even fuse summons… But were they willing to do such a thing?

And Gustav himself felt it wasn't necessary too… Although perhaps fusing all three Kireina could work, as they're all the same soul divided into personalities in each body.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 189 - Plans To Fuse Summons!


-----

Gustav looked at the three buildings in front of him with awe, afterwards, he inspected the three functions they possessed, and began to ponder his next course of action.

"Should I fuse Summons right away?"

He thought of this but considered that it should be better to leave it for another occasion. However, there was also something else! He could fuse Skills right away if he wanted, or even begin the mana factory process.

He entered the factory first, finding the interior to look like a giant furnace.

"In here, you have to place the magic items and they will be automatically consumed into mana reserves for your use later. This way you won't feel as exhausted when you consume mana in battle, but you will require to burn through a lot of magic items and resources." Said Gaia.

"I see how it is. With this I could quite literally enhance my way of fighting as a summoner through the ability of having even more ridiculous quantities of Mana! I like it…" Gustav couldn't help but like this feature nonetheless! It was amazing! With this he could quite literally gain even more mana, the most precious resource for him to continue fighting, and the fuel that lets him even defeat Demigods..

"I see, can it be done automatically?" asked Gustav.

"Yes, I can do it for you, but materials need to be brough here…" said Gaia.

"I see… Well, let's assess this later, there's other things I want to do."

Gustav ignored these new functions for the moment, he had things to do! He decided to open and consume the [Premium Resource Loot Crate (100.000 Gold, Hero Feathers, Hero Fragments) (SSS-Grade)] x11, [Ambrosia Elixir of EXP and Skill Points (SSS-Grade)] x11, and [Random Divine Material Resource Point Crate (Legendary-Grade)] x10 items!

He first opened the loot crate for resources, acquiring 1.100.000 in all three!

And then, he consumed the elixirs, gaining a lot of EXP and Skill Points!

Ding!

[Your Level has increased from level 203 to level 204!]

[Your Level has increased from level 204 to level 205!]

In the way, he managed to earn two levels, not bad for such SSS-Grade potions!

And after that, he opened the Divine Material Resource Point Crates.

"You have to be careful where you open them!"

However, Gaia stopped him right before that!

"Why?"

"These resource points are as big as a mountain or a whole forest. You require to put the crates in areas of empty grasslands and then let them emerge…"

"Oh right… So that's what they are."

Gustav flew into a clear grasslands that covered several kilometers and opened all 11 of the crates. Suddenly, wondrous areas filled with divinity emerged one by one! Enormous and colorful lakes, a few mountains overflowing with magical ores, and even colorful skies and clouds!

It was a wondrous sight, and they were 11 of them spread around!

The entire divine realm began to flow their divine energy into these areas, letting them nourish themselves and growing bigger, this way Gustav could get even more attribute particles if these areas were to level up and get big.

With that done, Gustav still had the following items:

[All Daily Dungeon Entrance Ticket (Abyssal Difficulty) (Legendary-Grade)] x5

[X20 EXP Ticket (3 Hours) (Legendary Grade)] x4

[Great Divine Summon Star Elixir (Phantasmal-Grade)] x4

[Divine Tamed Monster Evolution Elixir (Phantasmal-Grade)] x4

"Hmm… I might use the Tickets to go into the dungeon and super level once more, however, I am intrigued into the Elixirs of Summons and Tamed Monsters… I also got some before of lower rarity, I should really use them…

The lower rarity versions were the: [Premium Tamed Monster Evolution Elixir (SSS-Grade)] x4 and [Divine Summon Star Elixir (SSS-Grade)] x3! He had not read their full descriptions before, so he decided to see what they truly do!

…

[Great Divine Summon Star Elixir (Phantasmal-Grade)] x4

A special Elixir designed for Summons to drink it. Any Summon below 5 Stars is automatically raised into 5 Star, and those at 5 Star can break their own limits and reach 6 Stars, gaining greater stats, more skills to use, higher growth rate, resiliency, revive cooldown, and more.

…

[Divine Tamed Monster Evolution Elixir (Phantasmal-Grade)] x4

A special Elixir designed for monsters tamed that are below Legendary-Grade by the user, it can be feed to them so they can automatically evolve into a Legendary-Grade Creature. Monsters at Legendary-Grade can automatically evolve into Phantasmal-Grade Monsters, enhancing all their power.

…

"Wow…"

Six Star Summons and… Phantasmal-Grade Monsters!

The lesser versions of these items came without the ability to enhance summons into six stars nor monsters into phantasmal grade tough. Gustav can simply decide to use these for those that are too weak to catch up with the rest, while leaving the high quality for his strongest fighters.

The requirement for a summon to reach 6 star, however, is to be 5 star, so it won't work on 4 star or below heroes and they will turn into 5 star instead!

At the end, Gustav decided to use the elixirs of lower grade over Anna, Ervas, and Vudia, his first teammates and the strongest 4-star summons.

The results were incredible instantaneous, all three of them gained a lot more of stats and unlocked three new skills each! Amazing…

After that, Gustav used the SSS-Grade monster potions in Cuco, Wisp, Annabelle, and Apophis, converting them all at long last into Legendary-Grade Monster Pets, their power was overflowing!

Cuco grew twice his original size and continued to look fearful and powerful, however, he was still an adorable little cat with his owner, Gustav, as it accepted his belly rubs.

After that, Gustav only had the latest high grade quality potions to use…

In which characters will he use them first?

He had considered someone, Kireina, however, he wanted her and her two twins to fuse into one before using it over her, this way he would kill three birds with one stone and enhance their power combined as one! Becoming a fused summon at 6 star sound very overpowered…!

He called the three of the girls, and decided to talk about this delicately, he didn't wanted to offend them or something, and was fine if they didn't wanted to fuse.

-----

Author's Note:

Thank you very much for your Golden Tickets, Power Stones, and Gifts! And of course, thank you for purchasing privilege and reading this novel, I have a lot of fun writing this. Stick with me until the end and never leave me, pretty please!

.

.

.

.

...Or else.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 190 - Fusing Summons!


-----

After having opened the item boxes, I was showered with new items. I even ate a cube-shaped apple and got to upgrade my System to Rank 3, which came with the addition of three new System Functions that might improve my power and those of everyone with me.

Now, after I distributed several items and used it on my allies, I had come into the decision of using these elixirs that can make 5 Star into 6 star.

However, for efficiency's sake, I wanted to fuse Kireina with her other two selves and then make her six star… It is a pretty obvious thing to think about. Kireina's soul is shared with these three bodies, in a way, they're like splits of her own personality.

Therefore, it should be possible for them to merge into one…

Though it might be a bit weird… But I had to try it out at the very least, I don't lose anything trying to ask them for this, right?

And well…

"Fuse? Sure."

"We are all kind of the same anyways."

"It should be fun."

"Eh? That was easier than I thought…"

"You thought we were going to be dramatic over it or something?" wondered Kireina.

"Indeed…"

"Fusing together doesn't seem like dying, and well, we are all the same soul," said Katrina.

"And it might be interesting to see what we can become together." Said Katarina.

"Don't worry, master, we'll still love you even after fusing, if that's what you're worried about… Fufu."

Kireina embraced me alongside the other two.

"Ah… Eh? Y-You don't have to get so clingy; I didn't fear anything!" I insisted.

"Hmm~ Is that so?" asked Kireina.

"We know how you often feel." Said Katrina.

"Indeed, despite you always showing that you're serious and rather ruthless, this sweet and soft heart inside cannot hide from us…" said Katarina.

"W-What?"

"You're always worried how others feel, right?"

"How we think about the things that are happening…"

"That's a lot of empathy… And we love our master due to such strong and beautiful feelings."

"So don't worry about it, we'll find a way for all three of us to keep annoying you everyday!" said Kireina.

"I-I don't get what you're saying, I am not like that at all! …I think."

Anyways, I decided to just fuse these tree fairies before they were to do anything else than just hug me.

I moved them to the [Summon Fusion Shrine] and then quickly started the whole thing.

The shrine had a large magic circle-like area, where all the three girls were put over.

"Is that it, master?" asked Kireina.

"It seems very simple for a fusion." Said Katrina.

"Wait, there might be something else to it." Said Katarina.

And indeed, there was something else to it.

As the girls got there, a system window appeared before me, showing me all three of them inside the magic circle. Alongside that, there were some strange parameters and a bar that was half-way full.

It said, "Essene Bar"… and at the side, there were several other bars saying things such as "Fusion Quality", "Fusion Strength", "Fusion Magic Power", and so on, which I didn't get.

So I asked Gaia for a quick roundup of this stuff.

"It seems that the Essence Bar is a special type of function that shows how much you can use in essence to fuse the summons. Each summon adds some essence points into the bar, but it is not necessary to fill it to create the fusion. However, if you fill it, the fused summon will be born with a larger amount of power and more talents… I think that aside from summons, you can also add materials, but no other living being… Carcasses from strong monsters and the like are allowed though… How about you add stuff until it is filled? It will help the fusion become stronger." Said Gaia.

"That's an amazing idea… Let's see… Oh, I got the perfect "materials" for them…"

I quickly opened my Inventory and took out the corpse of the Infernal General of Temptation, putting her corpse over the magic circle.

"Eh? What's this?"

"Her corpse?"

"Do you want us to eat her?"

"No… Wait, let me explain…"

I explained to them the thing about the essence bar, and the girls quickly understood about it.

The bar was filled with this general up to 80% right away. I decided to pickup some items I found around the inventory, such as equipment dropped by her too, and a few other demon corpses, until it finally reached 100%.

It was ready to fuse, but even then, I required to pay some resources for the fusion…

Ding!

[You exchanged 1.000.000 Gold, 500.000 Hero Feathers and 200.000 Hero Fragments!]

[The fusion had begun!]

FLASH!

The girls suddenly turned into bright essence and melded together into one, alongside the corpse and the other materials, which melted into bright liquid essence and were absorbed by them.

FLASH!

A second flash of light happened, as the runes within the magic circle began to activate everywhere, the girls began to meld together completely, an overwhelming power began to come out of them…

FLASH!

A third flash happened, and this was the last and brightest one, the entire room was illuminated by it to quickly go dark again, their bodies began to shape themselves out of their essence, fused all together into a new and more powerful summon…

The figure of Kireina emerged, now all three were one, but her figure was even taller than before… She was around two meters if not a few more centimeters, perhaps two meters and 20 centimeters, leaving me completely dwarfed.

Her beautiful body was still there, made even sexier now that she was taller and had a bigger body. Her hips were wide, and her butt seemed as bouncy as I remember it. Her breast had become quite larger, fitting her new size. Her long purple and red hair extended up to her feet, dancing around like tentacles…

Her crimson-red eyes gained another pair of purple eyes atop her forehead, and above them, there were two large and spiraling horns, and at each side of her head, there were another two horns going down like enormous goat-like horns…

"Fufu…"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 191 - A Fusion Between Three Fairies!


-----

Kireina's new appearance seemed utterly terrifying and beautiful at the same time. Why terrifying? Because she was so tall! And her big body was… overwhelming.

And to boot, two enormous butterfly-like wings emerged from her back, although they were shaped as demon-like wings…

Oh, and did I mention the large black jewel glowing from her chest? Additionally, there was a long-scaled demon-like tail with a sharp pointy end resembling a spear.

By all that is sacred, she's amazing…

"Big…"

"Fufu, I guess this is it? I didn't felt bad at all, and we are all here together." Said Kireina, smiling at me.

"You're way too tall!" I said.

"Hehe, this is the perk of fusing!" she said while winking. Her dress was rather erotic… She had tight latex boots with sharp heels that reached her thigs, and her upper torso had this very revealing black dress that barely covered part of her massive breasts and belly, revealing the beautiful and milky white thighs she had. She looks hot.

"The fusion is complete now, master, it seems that Kireina had grown very strong… Now give her the elixir!" said Gaia.

"O-Oh, right… Here."

Kireina winked at me as she took the potion and drank it, quickly after, an even larger surge of power came from her, her power transcended her already high amount of power, and her stats skyrocketed like I had never seen them before.

Her appearance did not change, but she had indeed grown even stronger… an aura of malicious and abyssal darkness emerged from her, she seemed to have gained a lot of charisma, resembling a demoness ready to conquer the world… has the corpse of the Infernal General of Temptation affected her in this regard? Oof… I hope not.

Anyways, here's her stats for a reference, now that they were all merged into one, she was once more just Kireina, although I could change her name anytime I wanted…

…

[Name: [Kireina Dark Moon]

[Race: [Abyssal Primordial Chaos Crimson Vampire Fairy Goddess]

[Stars: [★★★★★★] (Star Up!)

[Element(s): [Illusion], [Chaos], [Blood], [Water], [Death], [Dreams], [Nightmares], [Darkness]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Chaos], [Divinity of Blood], [Divinity of Death]

[Weapon Type: [Spear], [Axe], [Scythe]

[Level: [001/200]

[Vitality: [2.000.000/2.000.000]

[Strength: [1.500.000]

[Magic: [1.500.000]

[Dexterity: [1.000.000]

[Skills]

[Goddess of Primordial Chaos, Blood Sea, and Hollow Death (Phantasmal)]

[Vampire Goddess (Phantasmal)]

[Monstrous Abyssal True Self: Nyarlathotep Cthulhu (Phantasmal)]

[Chaotic Weapons Grand Master Arts (Phantasmal)]

[Divine Crimson Blood Sea Magic (Phantasmal)]

[Abyssal Chaos Queen Magic (Phantasmal)]

[Necrotic Death Queen Magic (Phantasmal)]

[Nightmare and Dream Queen Magic (Phantasmal)]

[Demonic Illusion Queen Magic (Phantasmal)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Materialization of Primordial Chaos (Heavenly)]

[Body: [Tyrannical Empress of Darkness Set (Phantasmal)]

[Accessory: [Abyssal Chaos Jewel of Chaotic Demise (Phantasmal)]

…

Wow. First of all, her skills merged together, from her three versions, and what came out of them were… Phantasmal-Rank Skills!

Indeed, it seems that Skills can be fused to reach higher Realms. The limit before was only SSS-Rank Skills, but she clearly surpassed that limit.

I suppose that the way to upgrade her from now on is to add up more Summons into her to fuse with. The same should apply to the other Summons.

Second, her new Skills all look very powerful, she fused them all into Magic-type Skills, which contain several spells within them, while her transformation skills also turned into a different power… Now she can release her "true self" through it, huh…

Okay, now let's talk about her stats… they're very high!

Although they don't compare to me, as they are lower than half of mine, they're still pretty high.

And the craziest part is that her level got reset to 1 while her level cap increased by 200.

What does this means? I asked Gaia.

"It appears to be that Lady Kireina, after ascending to 6 Star, broke through her limits. It seems that every star above 5 star will reset the user to Level 1, but for that they need to be capped at Level 150, which she was previously. Perhaps every added star after 5 star will require her to reach max level from 1 while resetting her level every time… But this is actually better, this way, Lady Kireina can grow stronger quickly." Said Gaia.

"Right? I am ready to go evolve now. Master, let us go massacre hundreds of monsters, right now!" Said Kireina.

"Wait a bit…"

"No!"

Kireina carried me with her arms as she rushed into the dungeon.

She began to slaughter monsters as I saw how she leveled quickly, even her levels are not so hard to increase early on…

Her power was devastating, everything in the Legendary-Rank Dungeon was being pulverized by her. When we finished this, she had already leveled up 10 times, but still, it wasn't so much after I realized she cleaned the entire dungeon… we might have to upgrade it in the future.

"Phew, what a good workout, this body feels nice… Oh, look what I can do too!"

Suddenly, Kireina surprised me with something, her entire body began to convert into mass of flesh and then, it divided itself into two. Her size reduced a bit, but they were still taller than me.

All three masses of flesh shapeshifted and went back to humanoid forms, resembling Katrina and Katarina, but now with the various new features of the fusion… while Kireina was the one in the middle.

"You like us more like this? Fufu…"

"We can cuddle you on bed." Said Katrina.

"Don't worry, you'll never be unprotected with us…" said Katarina.

"Ah… You can just divide yourself?!" I asked in awe.

"One of my abilities allow this! I can bring them back, and we can work as a team! Or…" said Kireina, as she fused back with them.

"As one! Well, whatever is up on our mood, or whatever the situation requires." Said Kireina.

This was honestly quite terrifying, a bit…

But at the same time I was happy she could do such a thing.

Now, I had many other things left to do, and I still had 3 more 6 star elixirs lefts.

Who should get them? I guess Anna and Ervas are obvious choices…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 192 - The Day After, Considering New Summon Fusions


-----

After yesterday's incident with Kireina's fusion, I was dragged into the room after dinner and she devoured me alive in bed, her lust had multiplied by three, and in the middle of the lovemaking, she even divided into three for even more "fun" as she calls it…

I had to admit it was overwhelmingly good. But that doesn't mean it didn't left me half-dead. Especially now that she even has divinities, she's absurdly strong.

Anyways, she leveled up quite a fine amount, reaching level 10 and increase her stats exponentially too. She's surprisingly catching up with me…

But the thing is… She costs a lot of Mana, not just the combined amount of all three of them fused, but that multiplied by 10!

However, my Mana can keep up, I believe… But in battles where I will have to use attacking methods, I will have to abuse my Mana Creation Factory to the fullest.

I suppose this is why Gaia had helped on its creation when new System Functions emerged.

She did said that she was like a System Admin of my System now, so based in my suggestions and what she sees in battle, she slightly manipulated the system functions to move towards that…

She knew that despite my insane quantity of Mana, I still required even more as a summoner… So the Mana Creation Factory came into play in this moment.

I have been slowly accumulating items for it, but it will take a while to get a ton, but it slowly piling up.

Anyways, now that I've been freed from the predatory claws of Kireina, I was given the chance to do what I wanted today, which was doing more Summon Fusions!

I have three upgrading elixirs left, so I have to use them with caution.

I gathered with all of my summons today to speak with them, with Kireina at my side, about how they felt about being fused together.

"Fusing seems amazing, Kireina has grown so strong by fusing with three of her own selves… I can hardly imagine how strong others might grow this way." Said Anna.

"I guess you can fuse me with my twin." Said Ervas.

"Yeah I am fine with it. To be honest, I am fine with fusing with anyone." Said Erubas.

"Really? Well, there's an Essence Bar that has to be filled… So whenever it is filled it's the maximum potential that a Fused Summon can reach at that point… Are you guys okay with fusing with one another? It doesn't feel weird for you?" I asked.

"No? Why would it feel weird?" wondered Veronica.

"It seems like a natural step forward. We won't disappear, master, it was already confirmed with Kireina. We'll still be there for you, and it seems that we might even be able to separate by dividing the fused summon power too, so we'll never go away, technically." Said Anna.

"I see… I was a bit worried you'll feel bad about it, and considered to just fuse you with materials." I said.

"Oh, that can be done too, but don't worry, we all agree." Said Iris.

"Indeed. I was born to serve master. After all, before being summoned I didn't really exist, so my purpose is to serve you." Said Alma.

"Papa, fuse me with Aqua! I want to be a slime girl!" said Vudia.

"Oh, sounds cool!" said Aqua.

"Woof! I am also willing to fuse with anyone my lord desires." Said Wagyu as he waved his tail.

Sounds like they're all willing.

I had thought about summoning a bunch more of summons to fuse, but there's this big problem.

Fusing is not free. It costs a lot of materials, so even if I can get a lot of Summons to fuse together, I might not be able to do it continuously.

And there's another problem, Mana Cost, they have a monstrous Mana Cost to exist, so I won't make more than three more due to this. If I exceed too much the Mana cost, I will be forced to unsummon the other summons and even then, I might not even have enough Mana (even considering what I can get through the factory).

I have to grow stronger to possess more Fused Summons, I might have a lot of Mana, but it's not infinite!

Also there's a thing with summons, those of higher level are better fusing than low-level summons, so recently summoned ones won't be of much benefit to the rest aside from skills.

Due to this, it is more efficient to use the Summons I already have leveled up to fuse together.

As I began to think about it, I came with some Fusions ideas for the next three fusions.

The first one would be Ervas, Erubas, and Wagyu. Erubas and Wagyu are both related with wolves, one being werewolf and the other a wolf, while Ervas is close to Erubas as his "twin", so fusing them makes sense.

I could even throw Evan Summon Jewel in the fusion because I never used him and at this point it will be useless to get his skills, adding him into the fusion as a summon jewel means that only his powers are transferred but because he wasn't summoned yet, there's no mind there to fuse with the others, making Summon Jewels effectively materials to boost my already existing summons. Pretty cool.

The second fusion would be between Anna, Veronica, and… I'm thorn between Iris or Alma. But maybe all four of them will do?

And the third is between Vudia and Aqua… there's also the Necromancer here, but I don't know… I kind of feel wrong by fusing him into two cute girls.

Ah, I will add him with Ervas' fusion, and then put Alma with Vudia and Aqua to balance it out, I guess that will work well.

What is this? It's actually a bit fun to imagine the fusions… In my next summons, I will prob fuse the Summon Jewels straight away to create completely new summons from the beginning, that will be more efficient I believe.

But for now, this is enough, so let's get to it!

------

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 193 - New Summon Fusion


-----

"Fufu, it seems all of you are very willing to fuse, that's good! After this, there will be only four of us standing, and we'll become the royal guard of our master!" said Kireina.

What the heck is she even talking about?

"Kireina, I think you have a severe case of chunni." I said.

"W-What? I was just trying to motivate them…!" she said while blushing.

Flash!

Suddenly, all three of them came out of the bigger Kireina.

"So which fusion are you going to do first~?" asked Kireina.

"Make sure to give them quality materials." Said Katrina.

"Make them very strong too!" said Katarina.

While receiving the cute cheers of these trio of fairies, I moved into the actual work at long last.

The first fusion of the day was gonna be Ervas, Erubas, Wagyu, and the Necromancer. What a strange fusion.

But they were all willing and happy to get stronger together, so there's no helping it, they're fine with it.

All four of them got over the magic circle inside the Fusion Summon Temple, as I saw that the essence bar filled up to 60%... I had to add some materials.

I decided to put another corpse of these Infernal Generals, this time it was the Infernal General of Stealth because I felt like it would help greatly with their more stealthy and also fast-paced combat type.

That filled the bar up to 90%, so I added a few other materials from monsters and even equipment dropped which I didn't had many plans on using anyways.

With that, the bar got to 100% immediately, and it was time to fuse them!

I quickly started the fusion as I saw a large chunk of my resources disappear in an instant.

[You exchanged 1.000.000 Gold, 500.000 Hero Feathers and 200.000 Hero Fragments!]

[The fusion had begun!]

FLASH!

All the figures turned into bright light and began to meld together. Everyone around us saw this with surprise, it was amazing.

All the males of the group were now becoming one, so I was excited to see what kind of powerful summon might emerge.

The figure of a tall young man emerged from the white light, he was a few centimeters smaller than me, but almost there. It had long white hair, sharp crimson-red eyes, and the mask of a black skull covering half his face, making him seem mysterious.

He had sharp wolf-like ears and two wolf tails, with black and silvery-white hair fur. He wore a dark armor around his body and resembled an amazing character you would only see in epic stories.

He even came with a staff too, which seemed to turn into a black blade whenever it wanted. It was similar to Kireina's new weapon, a weapon that could shape itself to whatever the user wanted… Damn.

And it was done, the fusion was over faster than I thought, and the resulting being that came from it exuded a powerful divine aura.

"Master, it seems that the fusion was a success… I don't feel weird like you thought. In fact, all working together makes us feel accompanied." He said.

"Oh, I see… I guess I can call you Ervas."

"Feel free."

I decided to check his status and see what kind of monster my fusion power had birthed this time. Ervas had really become strong. Of course, I had already given him the Elixir and he was now 6 Star.

…

[Name: [Ervas Igni]

[Race: [Dark Shadow Werewolf Half-Demon Lich God]

[Stars: [★★★★★★] (Star Up!)

[Element(s): [Nature], [Life], [Beast], [Shadow], [Darkness], [Death]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Nature and Life], [Divinity of Shadow and Dark Beasts], [Divinity of Death]

[Weapon Type: [Staff], [Blade], [Claws], [Bite] [Gauntlets]

[Level: [001/200]

[Vitality: [1.000.000/1.000.000]

[Strength: [2.000.000]

[Magic: [2.500.000]

[Dexterity: [1.000.000]

[Skills]

[God of Nature's Life, Dark Shadow Beasts, and Necrotic Death (Phantasmal)]

[Hollow Life & Death Soul Void (Phantasmal)]

[Divine Elemental Life Spirit Druid: Gaia (Phantasmal)]

[Psionic Telekinesis Arts (Phantasmal)]

[Dark Shadow Werewolf (Phantasmal)]

[Beastly Dark Shadow Fighting Arts (Phantasmal)]

[Resurrected Demon God King Greater Fragment: Awakening (Phantasmal)]

[Demonic Phantasmal Lich Death King Magic (Phantasmal)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Primordial Life & Death Branch of Yggdrasil (Heavenly)]

[Body: [Necrotic Dark Shadow Wolf Set (Phantasmal)]

[Accessory: [Abyssal Dark Skull Mask (Phantasmal)]

…

Damn, he looks way too strong now! And those Skills are phenomenal. I didn't included Evan's Summon Jewel because they were already strong by themselves, but I might add it to the other summons.

But his stats are quite different from Kireina, concentrating more into Strength and Magic over anything else, they seem to be a flashy and powerful offensive fighter, while also remaining with the support and healing magic that Ervas had, alongside his telekinesis barriers and such, which always helped.

All the major skills they had were merged together into stronger Phantasmal Grade Skills, showcasing the strongest parts of each Summon fused together, while also merging them up with the capabilities of the other.

Ervas was now able to go into his werewolf mode and grow in size exponentially, reaching up to four meters of height and becoming extremely strong too, coated in shadows and darkness.

However, despite how he was when he went back, he still looked like the aloof and expressionless boy of before.

He also summoned Gaia. How funny, a summon summoning another summon…

Anyways, Gaia had been upgraded with him.

And yeah, it is named the same as the Gaia from Earth, but it is an unrelated being, a Life Spirit from his story which helps him in conjuring all sorts of plant-based and healing and support magic spells, she was upgraded and now resembled a beautiful girl made of plants, like a dazzling dryad.

She floated around him and admired his changes. She even had her own personality and everything, and they seemed very close with one another. Well, mostly her. She was very clingy.

Ervas also had the plants he had tamed to aid him in battle too, which were upgraded with him after fusing with the other summons, and became powerful and monstrous Necrotic Death Plants, which he could summon through the Necromancer's magic…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 194 - Even More Summon Fusions


-----

"Well, we can also do this pretty easily."

Ervas quickly separated himself into four separate entities, they were the four he was made of.

Apparently, not just Kireina, but all fused summons could actually separate into their former selves while distributing their total power around them all, and well, fuse back up whenever they felt like it.

It makes you think "what's the point of fusing then?!", but this is just a little thing they can do, they're still strong fused and will fuse at most of the time. They're all connected too, but if they separate, even if one die, it can go back to the other surviving ones and reemerge quickly without cooldown.

Of course, it will take out my Mana for that. But it can work perfectly and will net great results in battle. I believe it could be abused in various ways, such as using one of them as a living bomb or something… but at the same time, my own conscience is telling me that such a thing is wrong to do with your friends, especially these summons who are all like my family…

They're literally the closest people I have in my life, so I can't possibly tell Kireina "go kill yourself for a bit", that would be too fucked up, even if theoretically possible and a good strategy in battle.

I just can't, sorry…

Nonetheless, they seemed to be capable of separating, so the "only four of you will remain standing" thing that Kireina did was overly exaggerated.

The next fusion I decided to make was Anna, Veronica, and Iris. A very strange and odd fusion, I know. But it still quite interesting to see what might surge from this combination.

Nonetheless, I began fusing right away.

The girls got into the magic circle and that filled the thing by 50%, I had to add my own materials now! And due to Anna's request, I added the corpse and leftover equipment of the Infernal General of Resiliency.

It seems he had a glorious fight with her, so she wanted to use his powers or well, have him as a part of her own strength, in a way.

"Ready girls?" I asked. They all nodded confidently; I suppose we are more than ready.

I added the last materials I could add to them and then it was all done and ready.

[You exchanged 1.000.000 Gold, 500.000 Hero Feathers and 200.000 Hero Fragments!]

[The fusion had begun!]

FLASH!

Their bodies converged together once more beautifully, like the previous fusions, this event always carried an act of mysticism within it, which made it seem rather special, a spectacle to the common eye.

It was interesting and beautiful, and just after a bit, they merged into a single mass of light, shaping themselves as a tall beauty.

Her appearance was surprisingly similar to Anna but boosted. She was taller now, and had a paler chocolate-colored skin, resembling more of a light tan. I mean, she fused with two incredibly pale girls, so the colors ended melding and made her slightly clearer. Though her skin remained as glossy and sexy as I like it.

Her tall stature reached even more tall height than Kireina, reaching almost three meters, she had truly become a big mommy. Anna's brown-colored hair turned dark wine in color, as her eyes flashed with crimson-red color and a glowing yellow-gold gleam in them too.

Her fur was of the same color as her hair, which covered her hands, foot, and a bit of her chest and obviously, her tail, a big squirrel tail which remained even now!

Now, she was covered in black armor too, phantasmal in presence, and it honestly looked quite awesome. And also, she was holding a massive and monstrous black axe, Axe-chan had merged with the other girls' weapons and ended becoming this monstrosity that could slice mountains…

Damn, her hips were so wide and muscular at the same time, and those large breast could easily squeeze me to death- ahem! I shouldn't think of such things, am I a degenerate or something? O-Of course not!

Anyways, after the fusion, I looked at the beauty in front of me and I couldn't help but open my eyes wide. She looked renewed yet it was still Anna. Oh right, her prosthetic leg was gone, and she had grown a new leg, alongside her eyepatch which was also gone.

She looked radiant, and those red-furred squirrel-ears twitched cutely atop her head.

"H-How do I look?" she asked.

"You're looking great." I said.

"Indeed! Wouldn't mind sharing the bed with you and dearie." Said Kireina, giving her thumbs up.

"W-What are you talking about?!" asked Anna nervously.

It seems that the main minds had all merged together, although Anna was more prominent due to having lived longer and being more developed and complex than the other two.

Nonetheless, they all held combined aspects of one another, so it was pretty interesting.

I gave her the elixir and she became Six Star too, her stats skyrocketed.

…

[Name: [Anna]

[Race: [Phantasmal Crimson Living Armor Squirrel-kin Vampire Queen Goddess]

[Stars: [★★★★★★] (Star Up!)

[Element(s): [Thunder], [Darkness], [Death], [Material], [Blood], [Phantom]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Blacksmithing & Thunder], [Divinity of Darkness & Death], [Divinity of Blood]

[Weapon Type(s): [Axe], [Hammer], [Sword]

[Level: [001/200]

[Vitality: [2.000.000/2.000.000]

[Strength: [2.500.000]

[Magic: [1.000.000]

[Dexterity: [1.000.000]

[Skills]

[Goddess of The Lightning Blacksmithing Hammer, Dark Death, and Blood (Phantasmal)]

[Divine Abyssal Cursed Evil Thunder Axe (Phantasmal)]

[Divine Elemental Spirit of Thunder Summoning: Fulgora (Phantasmal)]

[Blacksmith Goddess (Phantasmal)]

[Black Thunder Warrioress Goddess of Undying Resolve (Phantasmal)]

[Abyssal Divine Phantasmal Spectral Living Armor Death Goddess Soul (Phantasmal)]

[Eternal Dark Shadow Death Empress Magic (Phantasmal)]

[Divine Progenitor Vampire Goddess Queen (Phantasmal)]

[Spectral Necrotic Crimson Blood Empress Magic (Phantasmal)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Abyssal Divine Cursed Axe of Deep Dark Lightning: Axe-chan (Heavenly)]

[Body: [Phantasmal Spectral Living Black Armor Death Goddess Set (Phantasmal)]

[Accessory: [Elemental Divine Black Jewel Earring of Death and Blood (Phantasmal)]

…

Damn, her stats looked good. She was a physical attack specialist, with a nice amount of tankiness to her. And those Skills looked mighty fine as well, her power had increased greatly.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 195 - The Last Summon Fusion


-----

Summon Fusion is truly a wondrous power. It consumed a lot of resources, but it was really satisfactory, more than anything I've done.

Well, probably upgrading equipment and doing love in bed also felt as satisfactory, I suppose.

But still, seeing three fused summons aligned now felt great.

"Let's see… Hah, there!"

FLASH!

Suddenly, Anna separated into three different figures, she, Veronica and Iris emerged too.

They all held similar appearances than the original fusion, and even had some squirrel features, which made them all look cute…

"I guess we can also do this, huh? I suppose that this way we can don things independently." Said Veronica.

"Indeed, I could go to my room now and nap." Said Iris.

"Nap? You want to go sleep?" asked Veronica.

"Yeah, I like to sleep…" said Iris.

This Iris wasn't like in her original story and had developed a very lax personality. She had begun liking to sleep a lot.

The new Blacksmith Goddess Skill that Anna got seemed interesting, perhaps it will bring some changes to the table regarding upgrading equipment or making equipment.

Anyways, time for the next and last fusion.

This fusion consisted of Vudia, Aqua, and Alma. I have decided to same Evan Jewel at the end, I was gonna use it to make a new fused summon from the start whenever I go summon for once.

"We are ready, papa!" Vudia seemed pumped up about the idea of fusing with her friend Aqua.

"I'm ready too, guubo…" said Aqua.

"I am a bit nervous… But I am willing as well." Said Alma.

"Alright then…"

I added the last Infernal General left, the Infernal General of Might, whose corpse I charred into an unrecognizable mess, but which still added a lot of essence into the fusion.

I then poured a pile of equipment over it until it finally gave enough essence to fill the essence bar.

And done!

Now…

[You exchanged 1.000.000 Gold, 500.000 Hero Feathers and 200.000 Hero Fragments!]

[The fusion had begun!]

FLASH!

Their bodies melded together with the materials, as they shone with bright white light.

All of it became essence and formed a new body, a small one, it was almost the same size as Vudia. Actually, Aqua wasn't big herself, so it was between Vudia and Aqua, being around a meter and 60 centimeters, or a bit more… Alma was tall, but it seems that her assets were not completely transferred in the appearance.

She resulting girl was a beautiful golden-colored semi-transparent slime girl. She had a single rainbow eye glowing with bright colors, and an innocent and cute smile similar to Vudia. Her eye was so big and bright it was like large jewel.

She also had Vudia's butterfly wings typical of little fairies, but they had become larger and more majestically gold with rainbow and blue colors on it. Meanwhile, her ears became pointy like Alma, and her hair was long and blonde just like her.

And lastly, despite being small, she had quite good hips, and decently big breasts for her small size… was this Alma's assets?!

Nonetheless, the fusion was complete.

"That was fun! Now what should we do?" she wondered.

As she tried to decide what to do, I looked at her stats.

…

[Name: [Vudia Dark Moon]

[Race: [Divine Gold Slime Elf Cyclops Fairy Vampire Goddess]

[Stars: [★★★★★★] (Star Up!)

[Element(s): [Thunder], [Earth], [Water], [Ice], [Null]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Lightning Gold], [Divinity of Water & Ice], [Divinity of Mana]

[Weapon Type: [Staff], [Dagger], [Gauntlets]

[Level: [001/200]

[Vitality: [1.000.000/1.000.000]

[Strength: [1.000.000]

[Magic: [2.500.000]

[Dexterity: [2.000.000]

[Skills]

[Goddess of Lightning Gold, Ice Water, and Mana (Phantasmal)]

[Divine Magic Lightning Gold Material Creation and Manipulation (Phantasmal)]

[Divine Thunder Cyclops Vampire Slime Goddess Physique and Constitution (Phantasmal)]

[Super Mechanical Lightning Gold Golem Summon: El Dorado EX (Phantasmal)]

[Zapping Lightning One-Eyed Thunder Empress Magic (Phantasmal)]

[Greater Endless Mana Drain (Phantasmal)]

[Hollow Null Attribute Elf Princess Magic (Phantasmal)]

[Freezing Water Slime Empress Magic (Phantasmal)]

[…]

[Equipment]

[Weapons: [Divine Primordial Gold Material of the Universal Treasury (Heavenly)]

[Body: [Bright Elven Princess Dress of Nature and Beauty (Phantasmal)]

[Accessory: [Beloved Spirits Ring of Divine Protection (Phantasmal)]

…

She had also grown stronger, a lot! And to boot, there were a lot of new Skills to see and talk about. Let's go first with her Skills, she had three types of magic, lightning, ice water, and hollow magic. They evolved from the original wielders and became these powerful versions.

She also got an increase in all her capabilities as she is now part slime, so she can turn into a blob of slimy fluids and get through sticky situations.

The ability to summon that giant gold golem remains, but it has become better than ever before now that it got upgraded to a new level of power.

Additionally, they got a new weapon similar to Kireina's, which is a mass of primordial divine gold or something, that can take any shape they want, making it a very useful and versatile "weapon".

Vudia began to say that El Dorado had unlocked completely new features, though I didn't knew what she really mean with it.

Now that I was done with these fusions, I really wanted to go take a nap, I felt exhausted after using so much Mana…

Now that everyone was fused and could dispel the fusion at will, they went around their separate ways, doing their daily and usual activities.

I personally just went to take a freaking nap, I really needed a nap, I really, really, really. Need one.

So, I rushed back to my room and jumped over the soft, bed.

Haaah… I wish I could just rest forever and just forget about everything, all of it…

But I cannot be like that, there are strong enemies lurking everywhere now that the Dimensional Convergence happened. It is a matter of time before they try to attack Earth again! What a waste of a good bed, I wish I could indulge into my Neet life like one week at the very least…

Wait, can't I? Time goes slow here…

Hmm…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 196 - You're All My Family


-----

I decided to just slack off for once. So I woke up leisurely this morning with two beautiful and tall girls at each side of the bed… Kireina and Anna now that they had evolved through fusion were so tall it felt a bit overwhelming at times.

After yesterday's events, both assaulted me on bed and did not let me go at all. But this time I utilized the power of my abilities and strength to resist their might in bed.

Actually, Anna was sweet, not too intense, but Kireina is a complete predator, she held me down in the bed and moved her hips with intensity, three in one is deadly.

And after some time, they separated into three and began to take turns with me, while one was receiving my thrusts, the other two teased my body and kissed me… it was a full-on sensation of pleasure.

I forced myself to wake up this morning and took a bath, after that, I decided to take a trip around the whole inner world, which had now become a divine realm. It was vast and beautiful, and the cold breeze ran through the air at a good pace.

The breeze was nice, and the beautiful scenario was refreshing, the grasslands expanded like an ocean of emerald colors, and the sun atop the skies shone brighter than ever before. It was a good day, indeed.

I flew for a couple of hours without any aim in mind, I was just flying like a bird in the sky. I just wanted to clear my mind by relaxing and not thinking into anything for a while.

But even then, I can't help but think.

I've come so far… It is almost unbelievable.

Was I really a allnovelfullist before? I can't even believe it at times.

My past self was so different from the me of now, it is as if we had become completely different persons.

But I am Gustav still, and this is how much I've achieved, I suppose.

I don't really have any parents to look forward to, nor siblings, nor anything.

I am just a stray dog I suppose.

But now, I've been slowly building my own family here, with my summons, my pets, and well, the other humans, my allies.

I think I have forgotten about someone…

I flew near the Dungeon and then I saw a demon girl resting in the entrance.

She was tired, and shrouded in scars.

"Guehh…"

Oh, this is Natasha… I completely forgot about the Infernal Tower Lord.

Well, now that I got all her info, the only utility I have for her is to open a portal to the Demon World, but for that she said she need to grow stronger.

Gaia helped me assimilate her into Earth's Soul Records, so she had been able to level up and more.

But even then, she is yet to achieve the level required to open a portal to her home world.

"How are you doing?"

"UAGH! Y-You?!" she asked.

"Yeah, me. I see…"

I checked her status and saw she was Level 32 already, she leveled a lot from Level 1, and her stats had increased quite nicely since our first encounter.

"You've grown stronger. Take a break for now." I said.

"A break… Now you're acting gentle after throwing me inside a nest of wild beast?! Seriously, I don't even understand what's your deal." She sighed.

"Well, now that you're here and that you're forced to join us, its not bad to treat you more fairly, you got your own hut, so go take a rest," I said.

"…Fine."

She moved through the grasslands barely, she seemed way too weakened.

"What a hopeless girl…"

"Uwah!"

Natasha noticed that something began to carry her, a large 5-meter-big dragon I made through my abilities, it was semi-transparent and made of pure spiritual essence.

"Take her to her home."

"Groar!"

Flash!

The dragon rushed through the grasslands as Natasha was left surprised by her new mount.

I decided to go back home too, as Kireina was calling me, it was lunch time.

When I arrived home, there were the three of them cooking intensively, but food was already served, they just make even more food for everyone (and them). They're very gluttonous, so they eat piles after piles of plates.

"Today's meal is Lionshark Shrimp Tempura, Three-Headed Dragon Fish Croquets, Golden Potato Puree, and more!" said Katarina, kissing my forehead. The food looked delicious, so I quickly began to dig in. Most of my summons were present here, and most of them maintained themselves separated just so they can do whatever they want in their free time.

The crunchy fried shrimp, which was a type of monster that appeared in the lakes of this divine realm, was delicious and fresh, it also had a stronger flavor than other types of shrimp usually have. Hmm, so refreshing.

The croquets were crunchy and the meat inside was minced and made into a delicious paste, it was so soft it almost melted inside of your mouth.

And the rest of the other preparations were just as delectable, oh man, this is life.

I am glad I've gotten this far…

The girls sat around me to dine at my side, and we just began to chat about whatever.

I was intrigued to see how far they could develop from now on.

Until a strange conversation arrived.

"I wonder how papa's family was like …" said Vudia.

"Oh… Well, I as an orphan, so I never met my parents, I was left in an orphanage when I was a child, so I didn't even drank from my mother's milk." I said.

"O-Oh… S-Sorry papa… I didn't wanted to say something that could offend you." Sighed Vudia.

"Huh? Don't worry, it didn't. It is just the past… I never truly had a family, but now that I am with all of you, even if you're Summons… I consider you my family."

"Master…"

Everyone seemed moved by my casual words.

And then, someone mentioned… something.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 197 - Considering Having Kids?!


-----

"It would be interesting if it could be possible for master to have children… This way the family could expand!" said Wagyu.

What with that question?! You're just a wolf!

"You're right, Wagyu, it would help Master build his family too." Said Alma.

"But can it be done? Maybe he should find a human girl-"

"He doesn't need any more women." Said Kireina.

"We are enough, I believe." Said Katrina.

"There's Anna too, and with that is enough…" said Katarina.

Okay you three calm down, it was just a question they had…

"Calm down a bit, it was just some casual chatting… I am happy with you girls… And I honestly don't know if it is possible to have a child with you, but I think that with what we have now is enough anyways." I said.

The trio suddenly merged together as they held my hand tightly.

"Master, let's have a child together!"

"Erm…"

"(Gaia, is it actually possible to make a summon pregnant? Aren't they different? Like… made of energy?)"

I asked this very awkward question to her, I hope she can answer it.

"Let me search… Hmm… I think it's not possible. Summons are made of Essence, and possess their own Summon Origins, but the flesh you see and can touch, is the materialization of their Summon Origins… Although they have fully functioning internal organs, can eat, and even go to the bathroom if they want to, it seems that its not possible…" she said.

"(Oh… I see. Well, I had assumed so, anyways-)"

"Wait… I think there is a way."

"(Eh?)"

"It might become possible to impregnate a powerful Summon if you use the ability of your soul to do so. Partially fusing your soul with your body will make even your seed acquire divine and ethereal properties. Perhaps a physical seed won't be able to grow within their womb and will disappear, but one made through such methods might be quite capable of inseminating their womb through the fusion of such energies carrying your DNA into the target womb."

"(Wait, so there's a method?!)"

"But a lot of testing is required… And while testing, the Summon must not turn back into essence through this entire time… I believe fusions are the only strong enough summons to actually carry the divine seed you could create through this method, guardian…"

"(So a lot of testing is needed…)"

In resume, I need to have a lot of sex with them until something happens, and then closely watch over it. It seems a bit too much to be honest, but it might actually work.

"Alright…" I sighed to Kireina's question.

Her flashing crimson-red eyes shone with a predatory look.

I also saw Anna waving her squirrel tail.

"I guess you too…" I said.

I suppose it is finally time to get into the job…

I ended spending the entire day after lunch doing it with the two, it was more intense than other times, as I had to merge my soul into my physical body for this to take effect, making it more intense because the soul is way more sensitive than the flesh.

So an orgasm while fusing my soul with my body almost made me fall unconscious. But I resisted and kept pushing forward, quite literally.

I made sure to fill them to the brim… and it felt me exhausted, so much I fell asleep when it was around midnight. The two girls had also noticed my intensity, and despite their tall height, I had dominated in bed, something that usually is hard to do when Kireina is so intense... Exhausted, they ended sleeping at my side.

I did as I wanted for the coupled of days after that day, leisurely slacking off, eating, practicing the usage of Skills, and even magic of all sorts. I was getting better and better at using other elements, and wielding divinities became more ease as well through constant training.

I had been continuously doing love to them through these days, seeing if anything could happen, I explained it to the girls as well, and they seemed to be fine with just staying as they were.

After almost a week of this slice of life arc inside my divine realm, whose time goes faster than outside and therefore we can spend more time slacking off without much time going on outside, I was growing worried as nothing was happening.

I wonder if the problem was with how I melded by soul with my body or something, but Gaia said that I was doing it fine, and that it was a thing of chance.

Chance…

And then I realized that if it was a thing of chance, that I just needed to increase my fortune while doing sex…

Therefore, I utilized the precious fortune cloud I had while doing it with the girls, every day I hoped for something to happen.

I just realized how much I wanted a kid, it made me feel happy just to imagine raising my own child with those I love. Perhaps this was the truest meaning of making a family…

But it seemed hard…

However, after the week ended and we were already halfway through the second week, something seemed to have happened.

The two girls felt it too, within their wombs, something happened. A little seed merged with them, and something else began to form.

It was happening… Ugh, it took a while, but it actually worked!

I asked Gaia to inspect the two, and she confirmed it.

"Good work, after a lot of effort, it seems that it worked… Using the Cloud of Fortune really helped." She said.

"Indeed, it did! I can't believe it is actually happening… I had already lost hope…"

"Hehe, now I am going to be a mommy~?" wondered Kireina.

"It finally worked, after so many days…" sighed Anna in relief.

"Indeed… I am so glad it worked… Ugh… Now let's take a break from doing it for a while."

"Hmm? Fufu, that wasn't part of the deal!" said Kireina, touching my shoulder tightly…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 198 - Acquiring Infernal Skills!


-----

It has been around 4 days since the news of the two girls being pregnant, and I had been training and relaxing for the most part, but today I had decided to fuse some Skills together and see what I can get and how much they cost approximately.

However, before that, I had to absorb a few spheres. They were dropped by the demons and infernal generals and held interesting Skills which I might as well pickup.

The spheres were Ability Spheres, which had the size of the palm of my hands, they glowed with a mysterious and colorful light, mildly ethereal but also dark, as they were dropped from these powerful demons and possessed a part of their abilities.

[You learned the following Abilities]

[Infernal General of Temptation (SSS)]

[Tempting and Charming Aura (SSS)]

[Infernal General of Stealth (SSS)]

[Flexible Shadow Demon Physique (SSS)]

[Infernal General of Resiliency (SSS)]

[Demonic Guardian Demon Physique (SSS)]

[Infernal General of Might (SSS)]

[Furious Warrior Demon Physique (SSS)]

[Infernal Demon Soul Psyche (SSS)]

[Infernal Core (SSS)]

…

The Abilities I acquired were all related with passive effects, each one was like a title of these infernal generals, which granted a boost on my stat growth and enhanced the power of certain actions or aspects.

Temptation seemed to enhance my charm, which felt… erm, well, quite interesting. Stealth seemed to enhance my stealth capabilities and enhanced the power of my Shadow Bending. Meanwhile, Resiliency… well, it enhanced my defenses to physical and magical damage. Lastly, Might was just power, raw power. It enhanced my strength and the power of physical skills.

There were also some Physique and Psyche Skills, and lastly, there was this thing, Infernal Core.

This Infernal Core was the same thing these Demons had. I was already wondering if I could ever get one myself, maybe by activating this Skill, it could be possible.

If I do so, I would not only have my Soul Core, but also a Beast Spirit Orb and a then this Infernal Core to boot. I mean, it looks like it could help me greatly.

Thanks to Beast Ki I am capable of enhancing my body a lot, and through it, I was able to come out with all sorts of Skills related to Beast Spirit Summoning and the like. So perhaps by acquiring Infernal/Demonic Energy, I will be able to acquire new abilities from within it, as I change Jobs, of course.

I decided to activate the Skill right away, and the effects were almost instantly.

A large chunk of my Mana was consumed in an instant, as it was refined and transmuted into Infernal Energy, which began to materialize in chest.

Of course, my Beast Spirit Orb was there, so the Infernal Core formed a bit below it, in between the lungs and the stomach.

FLASH!

My entire body began to exude a powerful infernal and dark energy, it was as if another stream of dark and red forces began to flow through my veins, enveloping the stream of blue essence, my mana, alongside the stream of golden essence, the beast ki.

Now that I had three different types of energies within me, they began to act strangely, Beas Ki and Infernal Energy were not compatible and were trying to cancel each other, which made my body tremble and convulse, it felt as if I was going to explode into pieces.

However, I used my Mana, which is compatible with both, and forcefully merged these two energies together and made them cooperate with one another, using Mana as a strong thread that wrapped both of them together!

FLASH!

At the same time, I sat cross-legged and meditated for a while, until my body adapted to this and finally felt a bit better. Phew, that was quite a bit tougher than I had expected this to be.

With everything over, I felt the power of Infernal Energy rushing through me, my stats had increased rather well after this, and I could sense that there was a large red jewel-like core in the area around my torso.

Have I become part demon now? My race didn't changed, but something might occur at some point, perhaps.

Infernals cultivate like most other races, absorbing essence and refining it into their infernal energies. So I suppose I can easily do this automatically by leveling up, which has very similar principles, and merely not care about anything else regarding this.

I checked my stats and saw the results…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race: [Abyssal Blood Vampire]

[Element: [Null]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [250]

[Gold: [4.358.569]

[Hero Feathers: [1.679.742]

[Hero Fragments: [1.447.340]

[Job: [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]

[Skill Points: [2.756.426]

[Existence Rank: [Demi Deity: 3/9 (Initial Stage -> Middle Stage)]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: High Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Middle Stage)]

[Infernal Core Rank: [Dark-Red Infernal Essence Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Soul Core Natal Opening Realm (Upper Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 3]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management], [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], [Mana Creation Factory]

[Level: [205/210]

[Vitality: [8.500.000/8.500.000 -> 10.500.000/10.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 60.000]

[Mana: [12.110.000/12.110.000 -> 18.000.000/18.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 80.000]

[Strength: [8.150.000 -> 9.300.000] [Growth Per Level: 60.000]

[Magic: [10.610.000 -> 12.200.000] [Growth Per Level: 80.000]

[Dexterity: [7.950.000 -> 9.250.000] [Growth Per Level 60.000]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 6.500], [Fire: 18.000], [Water: 6.500], [Wind: 4.500], [Space: 8.000], [Time: 5.500], [Life: 7.000], [Death: 16.500], [Dark: 10.500], [Light: 7.500]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 5.200], [Dream/Nightmare: 5.200], [Phantom: 12.500], [Blood: 18.000], [Poison: 5.500], [Soul: 33.000], [Nature: 6.000], [Thunder: 5.000], [Ice: 8.500], [War/Strength: 23.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 11.500], [Fate: 13.000], [Void: 7.000], [Law: 9.500], [System: 32.000]

…

Infernal Energy ended up adding itself into the Mana Stat, similarly to Beast Ki, I see…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 199 - Fusing Skills! ...What Is Happening?!


-----

I glanced at my stats as I found out that all my growth had increased by 10k each, which was amazing by itself, and then, each stat gained a few millions too, which made my entire body and soul feel stronger than before.

The Infernal Core was glowing eerily as it granted me this power, it was a wondrous jewel of infernal properties. Usually, I would require more Infernal Energy to refine it too, but by leveling, it can be refined automatically through the EXP energy, like the Beast Orb, so it can be fine by itself and it has become just another way to have even larger stats!

Going around collecting the ways of energies and cultivation of every world seems interesting and a fun way to grow stronger… My System allows me to assimilate all these energies into it, so even if there is some disruption, it quickly ceases and it all becomes Mana in the status panel.

The more Cores I fill my body with, the more Mana I get, meaning the more fuel I get. Which is one of my great goals.

Now that I was done with this little thing, I flew towards the Skill Fusion building and entered hurriedly, touching the sphere.

I was greeted with a system window showing what looked like a smithy.

In there, I could place Skills I had, which emerged like a game-like window where each skill had a square with some kind of decoration on it. Like real games from Earth…

By placing the skills there, with each one having their own unique picture, I was able to fuse them.

The limit seemed to not exist, but the more skills I fused at the same time, the more costly it became.

Indeed, nothing is free in this world, depending in the rank of the skills and how many I fused together, the cost of resources became bigger and bigger, until astronomical levels.

I won't be able to fuse everything I want right away, but we'll start with a super important fusion which might eat most of my resources right away…

And that was… fusing all my Physique-related skills together.

[Do you desire to fuse the following Skills?]

[Divine Physique of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno (SSS)]

[Physique and Psyche of the God Emperor of Divine Spears (SSS)]

[Divine Physique of the Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon (SSS)]

[Abyssal Blood Vampire Demigod Physique and Psyche (SSS)]

[High Dhampir (B)]

[Monk's Awakened Spiritual Physique (B)]

[Phantasmal Development (B)]

[Blazing Sun Flame Body Constitution (S)]

[Infernal Flare Sorcerer Core (S)]

[Hardened Copper Skin (E)]

[Enhanced Libido (E)]

[Pump Up (D)]

[Destructive Body Reinforcement of the Giant Celestial Rat (S)]

[Veracity of the Fanged Giant (S)]

[Aura of the Celestial Rat Beast (S)]

[Celestial Divine Bones (SS)]

[Enhanced Divine Essence Muscles (SS)]

[Super Reinforced Impermeable Celestial Skin (SS)]

[Might of the Celestial Race (SS)]

[Inborn Divine Talent (SS)]

[Essence-Rich Divine Celestial Blood (SS)]

[Divine Celestial King's Aura of Brilliant Holy Light (SSS)]

[Tyrannical Might of the Celestial King (SSS)]

[Undying Regeneration of the Celestial King (SSS)]

[Immortal Body (SSS)]

[Infernal General of Temptation (SSS)]

[Tempting and Charming Aura (SSS)]

[Infernal General of Stealth (SSS)]

[Flexible Shadow Demon Physique (SSS)]

[Infernal General of Resiliency (SSS)]

[Demonic Guardian Demon Physique (SSS)]

[Furious Warrior Demon Physique (SSS)]

[Infernal Demon Soul Psyche (SSS)]

[Infernal Core (SSS)]

<Yes> <No>

"Gaia, do I have enough resources for this one?" I asked Gaia.

"It is possible, but the original cost is perhaps way more than you have. However, I can lower the price by making the ability be capable of evolving with you, as it develops, it will unlock more of its power. Actually, if we do it this way, it would also cause the ability to become even stronger than it might originally be."

"Such a thing is possible…? Alright…"

I felt like this fusion was going to be big. After all, it encompasses all my physique and psyche Skills, if I just merge all of their amazing effects, wouldn't the result be insane?

Without thinking it twice, I pressed "Yes".

Ding!

[You've exchanged 100 Orbs, 4.350.000 Gold, 1.650.000 Hero Feathers, 1.400.000 Hero Fragments, and 2.700.000 Skill Points]

It even needed Orbs?! It was that amazing?!

FLASH!

The orb where the fusion was done glowed brighter than anything.

It encompassed my entire body, as my consciousness dived into a completely different place within this brightness.

Where the heck am I?

I ended in a place of beautiful bright colors, everywhere, everything looked illusory.

It was a mystical place, everything seemed… special.

Was I in some mystical plane? Somewhere else?

But how?

I saw constant flows of ethereal essence flow through everywhere.

Around me, they gathered, and began to pour themselves into my body.

I began to absorb all of this beautiful essence, glistening like the richest of energies.

The lights gathered around me and continued to merge with my body without stopping.

I glanced everywhere; I barely knew what was happening.

But something within me awakened.

I felt… something happening.

It felt as if I was acquiring and fusing with something precious and treasurable.

An incredible treasure I never thought I could land my hands into.

And all of it by just merging many physique and psyche skills?!

Isn't this a bit… exaggerated?

No matter what I felt, it didn't stop, as the energies converged and gathered around me, flowing into my body.

At some point, my entire body melted away and dissipated into nothingness, only leaving this energy behind, which materialized and reformed my entire body.

My soul also suffered the same changes.

At some point, I felt as if I died.

My mind went blank for a second, only to be reborn anew through this refinement.

What is this energy? How can it do such a thing?

"Gaia… are you there? Can you tell me what's happening?"

But no one answered me, Gaia wasn't here… Only I was here.

I looked around the brightness of this plane, as it filled me with power, but also with a strong solitude.

I don't know how much time I spent here.

At some point, I lost the perception of time.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 200 - An Incredible New Fused Skill!


-----

Within the dimension where Earth was, a strange stream of dimensional essence began to merge with cosmic essence and then divine essence, all merging together into spiraling threads of energy which flew towards a certain direction.

The other dimensions connected to it noticed this happening, as the entities within them glanced at the scene with awe. Only beings of enough power were capable of perceiving such a spectacle, but it seemed utterly strange, as they had never seen such a huge convergence of energies before.

But all of this energy was flowing towards Gustav. After fusing all the Skills related to his body and soul, and even of his Cores, what was emerging from it was not a simple Skill, it was something completely different and strange. It was as if he was reforming his body and soul rather than just creating a new Skill.

All of such energies gathered and merged together into his new body and soul…

For Gustav, this felt like an eternity, but for those noticing this, it only felt more like something gradual, it continued going monetarily!

However, Gustav's mind blacked out after he perceived several years going on. His mind became dizzy and he lost a perspective of time.

As time within this bubble where he found himself as continued, the energies finally gathered completely within him, and finished their transmutation into his body and soul.

But why? Why did such a thing happened to him? What was behind this mystery? And why? Why did he went through this strange event?

When he opened his eyes, he found himself in front of the skill fusion crystal as if nothing had happened.

But he felt that he was born anew.

"Ah…"

He almost fell but kept himself up by holding into the crystal.

He felt like he was hallucinating and at the same time he wasn't.

He saw things through many perspectives at the same time, which made him dizzy.

He decided to sit in the floor cross-legged and relax.

Ding!

[Through the Fusion of Skills, the [Divine Heaven Devouring Physique and Psyche (Transcendental)] Skill has been made!]

"What the heck? How? I imagined something big would come out, but not this much! This is already way too much for me to handle… Gaia, can you tell me something regarding this?" asked Gustav, feeling utterly dumbfounded.

"I-I think I am just as surprised, guardian. I believe this might had been the cause of your powerup in stats, which had gone through the roof as well… Your level has been kept the same, but you… You have definitely changed. This new Physique and Psyche is defying the very logic of everything I had seen before… Could it be that the combination of so many psyches and physique skills formed this anomaly? The convergence of such powerful skills seemed already impossible to do, yet the system can make it possible… perhaps the fusion of so many powers made it unstable, but the system itself absorbed the energies from the dimension itself to sustain such a power, and as a result… it materialized and formed into an even greater physique and psyche than it could had been originally intended…" said Gaia.

Gustav felt confused by her explanation, so she had to explain it slowly once more, until he understood better, but even then, he could barely believe such a thing.

He then remembered something, as he looked up to his Fortune Cloud.

It was pitch black!

"Ugh…"

He had used all of his fortune to generate such a fortuitous event, and now his Fortune was actually on a negative value, making it black and even skull-shaped…

What were the odds, honestly? Quite low, but using his Fortune Cloud, he ended managing and achieving something near impossible.

But now he was out of luck! He needed to slowly gather more fortune by stealing it from the many inhabitants of his divine realm, which he had been doing passively and little by little everyday to not affect them completely.

"It might take weeks for my Fortune to get out of the negative value it is now though…" he sighed.

"But even with bad fortune… what you've achieved, guardian… it is something wondrously amazing!" said Gaia.

Gustav could clearly feel it on his own body and soul, he was glowing with heavenly and divine transcendental energies across his entire body, and his very presence released gigantic streams of essence which bathed the entire divine realm as well, making its quality richer and making the complete land mass grow larger too, as a result.

By merely waving his hands he released sparkles of white light everywhere, and his sole presence generated ripples in space itself, which he had to learn how to control and manipulate his powers so they wouldn't go out of their way…

He had also realized his very existence had changed, although his race was still there, he had also changed his race, he had completely gained a new race in fact…

This was because his body was completely remade from zero, he was no longer a human turned superhuman, his body was remade into the shape of a being of transcendental power.

Despite this, his Existence Realm wasn't at Transcendental Levels yet, nonetheless, now that he had such physique and psyche, he had the potential to reach such stage in an even faster manner than before, as if previous stated things were not enough…

The power flowing through his entire body felt like warm, white-colored rivers across his veins, his entire presence exuding it. Gustav's appearance, however, was the same as before, he had not suddenly turned angelic or something, nor he had become a super handsome man for no reason at all.

This new body he acquired was shaped and forged to his previous one image, it was made to give it such an appearance… the Skill he had acquired, however, the [Divine Heaven Devouring Physique and Psyche (Transcendental)] Skill, was at a rarity which Gustav had not seen before.

Transcendental.

Perhaps this was why he got so much out of this; it was of a rarity way higher than anything he had ever acquired…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 201 - Incredible New Physique And Psyche


-----

After being surprised by the wondrous news of his changes after using all his resources to fuse skills, Gustav decided to check his Status, finding out the various changes that he had undergone without him realizing completely.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race(s): [Abyssal Blood Vampire], [Transcendent Heaven Embryo] (New!)

[Elements: [All]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood], [Divinity of Heavens] (New!)

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [150]

[Gold: [58.569]

[Hero Feathers: [79.742]

[Hero Fragments: [47.340]

[Job: [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]

[Skill Points: [56.426]

[Existence Rank: [Demi Deity: Rank 7/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: High Heavenly Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Infernal Core Rank: [Heavenly White Infernal Essence Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Primeval Soul Realm (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 3]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management], [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], [Mana Creation Factory]

[Level: [205/210]

[Vitality: [10.500.000/10.500.000 -> 15.000.000/15.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 80.000]

[Mana: [18.000.000/18.000.000 -> 23.000.000/23.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 100.000]

[Strength: [9.300.000 -> 14.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 80.000]

[Magic: [12.200.000 ->18.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 100.000]

[Dexterity: [9.250.000 -> 13.500.000] [Growth Per Level 80.000]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 16.500], [Fire: 28.000], [Water: 16.500], [Wind: 14.500], [Space: 18.000], [Time: 15.500], [Life: 17.000], [Death: 26.500], [Dark: 20.500], [Light: 17.500]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 15.200], [Dream/Nightmare: 15.200], [Phantom: 22.500], [Blood: 28.000], [Poison: 15.500], [Soul: 50.000], [Nature: 16.000], [Thunder: 15.000], [Ice: 18.500], [War/Strength: 35.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 25.500], [Fate: 25.000], [Void: 17.000], [Law: 20.000], [System: 45.000]

<Fusion Skills>

[Divine Heaven Devouring Physique and Psyche (Transcendental)]

…

Impressive! His stats had increased by a large amount, by approximately 5 million each, if not a bit more… and all his attribute particles increased by 10k right away, with some elements getting more than that, but with the minimum guaranteed being of 10k.

Gustav noticed his massive jump from Rank 3 Demi Deity to Rank 7 as well, the large amount of stats might had triggered this change, but there could be other factors, such as the new and incredible potential that his physique and psyche can now achieve.

Also, he gained a second race and a new Divinity, so he decided to check them out. Although he first asked Gaia how it was possible for him to just get a second race.

"Apparently it is possible, the system registered the Vampire race as your primary race while the second race is part of your new self, but still, thanks to the system you're still part Vampire. Take them as Jobs, I suppose. One you get a race; it can't change unless it evolves. You're no longer human because you went from human to dhampir, and then high dhampir, and this vampire, gradually, but this new race is not part of this evolution but aside from it, yet it still part of you as much as the Vampire race. There might be more cases like these in the future, perhaps…" said Gaia.

"I see, so it is like that…"

…

[Transcendent Heaven Embryo] (New!)

A new species of living organisms made entirely out of materialization and concentration of three primordial energies, Divine Energy, Cosmic Essence, and Dimensional Essence.

In this stage, it is nothing more than an embryo, and must develop its existence rank to evolve into higher stages of maturity.

However, as a being such as this, the user already enjoys an incredible permanent boost to all stats, comprehension speed of all Laws and Daos, enhances the speed of absorption of all types of elemental essences, and can also become a Dao Child.

…

[Divinity of Heavens] (New!)

The Divinity of Heavens which encompasses the concept of the almighty authority of heavens that overlooks the world from above, the vastness which cannot be reached, and which cannot be defied, something that no matter how hard someone fights against, it cannot be fought against.

The wielder of this divinity enjoys the ability to freely wield any element without problems and has all of his stats enhanced greatly. Stat growth is also enhanced, and the concept of limits don't exist for you.

The absorption of energy is enhanced by +1000% and the cultivation speed of all types of energies is enhanced by +1000%.

All Elemental Laws Comprehension Speed and Dao Comprehension Speed is permanently enhanced by +10000%.

You acquire the power to assimilate the heavens.

…

"Interesting… so they're just massive passive boons… And… Assimilate the heavens? What does that even means?"

Gustav thought that as he decided to finally check his new Skill, the that changed everything.

…

[Divine Heaven Devouring Physique and Psyche (Transcendental)]

Your Physique and Psyche have been forged and merged together as you devoured the heavens within the layers of dimensions, your power has been reformed and your entire being has been completely reborn. All of your Stats are permanently enhanced alongside your Stat Growth, and you gain bonus stats and stat growth whenever they increase naturally.

Your affinity over all elements is unparalleled, and you can assimilate all types of energies with even greater efficiency. Your mastery over the elements allows you to enjoy a +10000% increase in the comprehension of Daos and Laws. You are more akin to awaken all sorts of talents and powers, and new titles can be bestowed upon you as you develop.

Your affinity with all energies is so great you can assimilate and replicate them, which grants you the ability to generate energy at greater quantities, and all energy generation speed is enhanced by +10000%.

More natural abilities can be acquired as you develop.

You can generate Heaven Devouring Domain within 1 kilometer around you, which deals automatic damage to all foes within your grasp and drains their energy constantly. Damage is calculated by adding 50% of your Strength and Magic stats. This Damage ignores 50% of any resistance and absorbs 20% of the damage dealt. This domain can be expanded and manipulated to generate all sorts of effects.

…

"Wow…"

Gustav was now left speechless; this Skill was all of his previous Skills combined together into a massive power.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 202 - New Capabilities


-----

After looking at my own new Skills, I wondered how much I ended changing, and well, it was a lot.

Now that I was emptied with my resources, what should I do now? I had used everything… But well, I got a lot in exchange, more than I could had ever asked for.

I looked at the dungeon faraway.

Maybe I should invite everyone for a dungeon diving using the tickets I got, I almost forgot about them after undergoing that weird transformation.

With that, I could be able to easily get a bunch of levels, especially with my EXP multiplier Tickets too.

And because everyone can share it with me… then we could do a big dungeon diving and get a bunch of levels.

Now that's what we are talking about! Sounds like a plan already, let's do it.

Of course, tomorrow. I want to invite a few other people, but its already getting late and most want to rest, so I will do it tomorrow morning.

Some of them include Natasha and Javier and his family. These are my only human friends, so I want them to stick with me and remind me that I am a human… Haha…

And Natasha… well, she's more like a prisoner as of now. I don't want to call her a slave because I don't like to enslave people, even if it was a former enemy.

I will try to get into her and make her believe that I don't really have bad intentions with her people nor her world, but I do have it for those tyrannical leaders she got that are just actively trying to conquer other worlds and well, my world.

But aside from that, I am not into genocide nor killing innocent people, and honestly, I was a bit moved by the last feelings and thoughts of the Infernal General of Resilience… If possible, I want to help these demons in need and give them a place they can call home outside of the dangerous wilderness of their environment.

We are too far away from such a goal yet, but I like to look forward to the far future with some nice goals set on mind. I am no hero or anything, but as a human, I want to embrace these last bits of humanity on me and seek if I can be compassionate with the ones in need.

If I have the power to help others, then why not do it? I am already the guardian of my own world, why not become the guardian of many more?

Why must we obey the Great One Above All Creation? Just because this guy wants us to kill each other and destroy each other's worlds mercilessly, we have to obey him and be as evil as we possibly can?

Why? I am going against him then; I won't destroy other worlds to save my own. I will conquer and unify them together into a world's alliance- no, a Dimensional Alliance.

Sounds good.

Haha… but for such an insane thing to happen, there's a lot that must be done, and I need a lot of power too. I don't think I will get to it any time soon.

But I will do my best if possible.

And well, we are not done in Earth yet…

There's a giant tentacle sticking from the sky, the last challenge…

And for that, we gotta level up and prepare. This single tentacle might be stronger than anything we had fought… Or maybe I am overexaggerating… Nonetheless, it is not something we can easily do.

There's a lot to do, and a vast horizon across dimensions to travel. An endless journey… yet there is a goal at the end of all.

Dimensions might be millions, but there is still an end to it, and we'll reach it.

…

Anyways! For now, I will go slack off.

I moved outside the temple as I felt that every single of my steps felt strange.

It felt as if it released a powerful glowing white aura with each step.

The area was like shockwaves, expanding across the grass fields in front of me.

They expanded and began to nourish the plants.

Huh… weird.

I guess this is what happens now that I got this Transcendental Heaven Embryo Race?

I tried to meditate and calm myself down, this power was perhaps way too much.

I closed my eyes and concentrated, meditating.

The meditation worked wonders, I was able to calm down and the power surging from my entire body began to slowly gather into my body.

Compacting it, the power quickly went into my core, and it all calmed down.

Phew, it wasn't so hard, huh?

Now, let's go back home.

I flew into the sky and in an instant, I was back home.

Huh? Wasn't that awfully fast? I used my flight skills, but this was…

"Apparently, your new abilities enhance the power of your Skills a lot, so your flight had become even faster." Said Gaia at my side.

"I-I see… It will be a bit hard to get used to it."

I touched the doorknob and tried to open the door, but the entire door broke apart and the doorknob ended disfigured with my very hand.

Oops.

I entered the house as it began to repair itself, as it was also Gwendolyn.

"Sorry… Erm, how are you guys doing?" I found some of the summons chilling on the first floor, some were watching TV, others reading, and others cooking.

"Dearie, you're back- What with that presence?!"

Kireina was startled after seeing me, I guess I had changed my presence way too much?

"Am I scary or something now?" I wondered.

"No… It's just that you feel a whole lot different. It's hard to explain I suppose." She said.

"You feel anew. Like you are our master but new." Said Ervas.

"That doesn't explain much…" I sighed.

"Papa's presence seems pretty nice now… Nicer than before… More welcoming…" said Vudia, entangling me with her yellow slime.

After this, I explained them what happened, alongside the plans for tomorrow.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 203 - New Strong Allies


-----

Today was the day, all the people were gathered here! Well, all the people I intended to share EXP with.

There were all my Summons, Tamed Monsters, Javier's Family, Natasha, and I even brought a few other people I found worthy. They were all talented humans in my divine realm, the most talented ones that were both incredibly hard working and also blessed with unique skills.

These people were still weak, the strongest being around B-Rank, while Javier and his family were already at SSS-Rank… so the difference was big.

Nonetheless, they were important. I wanted them to expand my power, so I will give them this shared EXP so they can power level through the roof and see how far they can reach.

Call it just an experiment, but if they end up strong, it means I can add up more of these Elite Soldiers.

They were three people only. I choose them carefully because I didn't wanted to pick a cheeky asshole that got a good power but let power got into his head to the point, he might even betray me in the future if I help them grow stronger.

So I only choose those good-hearted and with good wills. Humble hard workers with a blessed power.

And they were only three… Camilla, an amazing user of Holy Light Magic, Healing Magic, Life Magic, and Nature Magic, who was a young and blonde girl with aquamarine eyes, of around 18. She even has the ability to turn into some sort of angel and gain even more power over her magic. She comes from a humble family background of people that lived in the lower and poorest streets of New York, due to this, she's naturally hard worker.

Dante, a young man on his 20's who used to be a humble farmer in the farms of USA, his physical power is superb, and he has the ability to transform into a 20-meter-big Titan to boot, so he got a lot of potential.

And then there's Lucy. Now her powers are the rarest but with the most potential… She has the ability to copy any power. Indeed, she can copy any ability. And she has Five Slots she can use. She stores these copied powers and can only equip up to five.

Of course, there's a limit, she wasn't able to copy my Transcendental-Grade Skills. She can only copy skills within her power level.

Meaning that if I let her become SSS-Rank, she might be able to copy SSS-Rank Skills.

See the potential? The best thing is that she's a humble young woman of around her mid-twenties, with short black hair who wear glasses and is rather timid.

She used to be an office worker at a company, a wage slave of sorts, and well, she felt impacted after the apocalypse, but has been able to pull through.

"Nice to have you guys here, you'll be part of our team from now. I carefully choose all three of you because I see a lot of potential. But the Dungeons where we are going… they're very dangerous. Due to this, you must only be present and attack with long-ranged attacks, we'll kill the monsters, and you'll gain shared EXP, this is the plan, and I want you guys to follow it. Get it?"

"Yes, I understand… I can also support all of you with my healing magic. Sir Gustav, thanks a lot for recruiting me… You don't know how happy I was when I heard our Hero wanted my help… I will do my best." Said Camilla with a humble smile. She was a good girl, I can tell.

"Yeah, I am so hyped! But I have to calm down, I can only watch for now, right, boss? I'll do as you say because I know you know your stuff better than I do! Chucks, my family was already pretty proud of me when they heard you recruited me!" said Dante.

"Thanks a lot for recruiting me, Gustav. I wasn't someone really worth it, and I believe there are many more people that could deserve it before me… But I appreciate what you're doing for us, and due to your trust over my powers, I have nothing else than work hard to help as much as I can. You've done a lot already, the least I can do is to add my little grain of sand." Said Lucy.

Damn, these guys are pretty nice… I did pick them well.

I guess you could call these guys plus Javier and his family as this planet's official Heroes! While I am the guardian in the shadows, heh…

Anyways, time for dungeon diving!

"Oi, why did you choose me? Wouldn't it be dangerous if I grow stronger? What if I backstab you?"

Natasha asked me this while pouting.

"Because I don't think you're a bad person, Natasha. And I am not the enemy of your race either, only of those behind all of this within your world." I said.

"Eh? You…"

"I don't intend to do anything to the humble demons in your world. I just want you to help me help you guys. If we grow strong enough, we can go to your world and free your people from the tyranny of these Infernal Lords you spoke to me about." I said.

"But why? Why would you… help us like this? Why do you care? We are conquering so many planets, absorbing them and destroying them, yet you forgive us?" asked Natasha.

"Well, not really, those that did bad things will have to pay for it. But I am sure that the majority of the demon population hasn't done all of that bad stuff, right? After all, you were once a humble little girl too." I said.

"…You're strange." She said.

"Yeah, I know." I said, I couldn't help but agree.

"But… I can't see any lies within you. You're awfully honest, and its super easy to detect what you're thinking with your face expressions alone. You're not really lying… Fine. I'll work with you, Gustav." She said.

"Ahaha… Am I that easy to read? Ugh… And thanks, let's get to it."

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 204 - Using More Daily Dungeon Tickets


-----

So the items we'll use today are…

[All Daily Dungeon Entrance Ticket (Abyssal Difficulty) (Legendary-Grade)] x5 and [X20 EXP Ticket (3 Hours) (Legendary Grade)] x4!

I have five tickets for the dungeons, meaning I can enter 3 times with each ticket to all of them…3 x 5, 15 times per dungeon!

And to boot, there's the insane x20 EXP ticket, but it lasts only 3 hours. I have four of them, which could last up to 12 hours of x20 EXP.

Or it could instead be 3 hours of x80 EXP…

Now that's crazy.

Can we really speed run everything in 3 hours?

It takes us approximately five minutes to clear daily dungeons, they're small after all, easy to follow, and quick…

And how many dungeons there are? EXP, Skill Points, Gold, Hero Feathers, and Hero Fragments Dungeon… Five different type dungeons done 15 times each.

Meaning that we'll do 75 runs in total of around 5 minutes, its 375 minutes, without any breaks.

It won't do, three hours is only 180 minutes…

I guess we cannot get x80 EXP, it would end before we can complete all dungeons and it would go to waste… But what we can do is do x40 EXP instead for 6 hours instead.

It should work well, that's more than enough for all daily dungeons! Actually not really, there'll be 15 minutes left.

But it's the best one, so we'll take it.

I quickly used the Dungeon Tickets, as several portals to the dungeons emerged before me.

And then, I used two EXP Tickets, acquiring x40 EXP for three hours, after they're over, I will use another two more…

Let's do this.

Leading everyone, we entered into the Dungeons and we began blasting everything inside.

The dungeons at this difficulty were filled with powerful beasts, they were all at Pseudo Demi Deity Realm, and were not normal at all.

Gigantic wyvern, titanic ogres with golden axes, large golems made of metal, multi-headed snakes of over 20 meters, massive bloodthirsty bats with giant sharp fangs… everything became massive and deadly.

But we were deadlier by far, I used all my powers and didn't contained myself at all, nor did any of my allies, we massacred these titans in masse, one by one, completed each dungeon ruthlessly and mercilessly.

We leveled up constantly, every single minute was a level up, although I reached level cap, I was still getting EXP, accumulating inside of my soul and making it flow with stockpiled energy.

Aside from the EXP, there was a lot of resources we got constantly, filling up all the resources I lost when I made my new Skill.

At Abyssal Difficulty, the monsters dropped immense quantities of their defined resource and also gave amazing EXP, coupled with our EXP multiplier, which I was able to share with anyone within my party, everyone got a bunch of levels, and I got a lot of drops.

A bit over 6 hours later, we were done.

Similarly than the other time, I felt like my chest was about to burst due to the massive amount of EXP accumulated… It felt overwhelming.

Nonetheless, we pulled through and things are doing fine now.

Ugh.

.

.

.

It appears I ended exhausted, at the end, I still fell asleep.

When I woke up, I felt the bubbling energies inside of my soul asking me to use them…

I had checked my status, and I was now at max level with my current Job, so had to quickly change.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race(s): [Abyssal Blood Vampire], [Transcendent Heaven Embryo] (New!)

[Elements: [All]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood], [Divinity of Heavens] (New!)

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [150]

[Gold: [6.958.569]

[Hero Feathers: [4.279.742]

[Hero Fragments: [4.047.340]

[Job: [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod]

[Skill Points: [4.656.426]

[Existence Rank: [Demi Deity: Rank 7/9 (Initial Stage)]

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: High Heavenly Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Infernal Core Rank: [Heavenly White Infernal Essence Realm (Initial Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Primeval Soul Realm (Initial Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 3]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management], [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], [Mana Creation Factory]

[Level: [205/210] -> [210/210]

[Vitality: [15.000.000/15.000.000 -> 15.400.000/15.400.000] [Growth Per Level: 80.000]

[Mana: [23.000.000/23.000.000 -> 23.500.000/23.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 100.000]

[Strength: [14.000.000 -> 14.400.000] [Growth Per Level: 80.000]

[Magic: [18.000.000 -> 18.500.000] [Growth Per Level: 100.000]

[Dexterity: [13.500.000 -> 13.900.000] [Growth Per Level 80.000]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 17.500], [Fire: 29.000], [Water: 17.500], [Wind: 15.500], [Space: 19.000], [Time: 16.500], [Life: 18.000], [Death: 27.500], [Dark: 22.500], [Light: 18.500]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 16.200], [Dream/Nightmare: 16.200], [Phantom: 23.500], [Blood: 38.000], [Poison: 16.500], [Soul: 55.000], [Nature: 17.000], [Thunder: 16.000], [Ice: 19.500], [War/Strength: 37.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 26.500], [Fate: 26.000], [Void: 18.000], [Law: 21.000], [System: 46.000]

<Fusion Skills>

[Divine Heaven Devouring Physique and Psyche (Transcendental)]

…

I got a lot of stats per level now, so it increased by half a million with just five levels in all stats.

And then there's the attribute particles, 1k for all of them, some got more though, especially Blood which is related to my current Job.

Jobs related to certain attributes give attribute particles of that certain Job! Such as Vampire Job, you'll get more blood attribute particles. If a necromancer, I would get more death, and so on.

Now, I can finally pick a new Job again.

I honestly don't know what will appear now, I have grown quite insanely powerful ever since then.

EXP requirements and level cap has increased, so the EXP I got accumulated might or might not be enough to max out my next Job… but let's see…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 205 - Changing Jobs!


-----

Aside from myself, everyone else leveled up a lot. The Summons had a larger level cap after hitting 6 Star, and got around 140 Levels out of this whole expedition, ending at around Level 145 ~ 148 each one… Meanwhile, the tamed pets all evolved at least twice, and Cuco, Wisp, Apophis, and the rest became Heavenly-Rank Monsters, which are comparable to Demigods.

Oh right, we also came with Javier and the other humans, those guys gained a ton of EXP too, they don't have level caps nor Jobs like me, so they continued leveling until they all hit Level 200 ~ 210, which was pretty strong. Their existence levels should be peak Pseudo Demi Deity by now, the three new Heroes got into a pretty high level as well.

After leveling so much, their Skills also leveled up and some awakened, while others developed and learned more Skills through the use of Skill Points, a feature they do have, similar to Summons that also have it. Monster pets don't have it, but they learn Skills naturally with certain levels, like automatic skill trees.

Meanwhile, Natasha reached Level 230 and had probably become near my level of power, but it still below my authority. She said she might develop more abilities through this "Strange Skill Points thingy" but she required to further investigate its powers.

With that out of the way, it was time to change Jobs…

Let's see what I got.

[Available Jobs]

[Undying Void Lord Demigod]

[Heaven Transcendental Demigod]

[Abyssal Dark Elements Infernal Demigod]

…

Three new Jobs this time around, and all three of them seem mysterious and interesting, yet also quite predictable in some cases.

Like the second Job, it's obvious that it came into existence due to my new Physique and Psyche.

The third too, because I got an infernal core. And the first one? That's a mystery, it came out of nowhere but it has the "undying" to it, so maybe something to do with both death and void elements?

Death element is not so underdeveloped, but my void element has barely received any attention, so maybe it could finally shine with this one.

But to be quite honest, the other two look more appetizing to take than this one, after all the second has to do with my amazing new fused skill, so it could receive an upgrade or something. Who knows? The third one seems fine, I suppose it could potentiate my way of using infernal energy?

Though I don't feel any particular need for that, and the new fusion skill already brings a bunch of bonuses, so I can't imagine what sorts of Skills I could get out of a Job revolving around this fused skill…

So let's pick this one out of good faith and let's see what comes out…

Ding!

[You've exchanged 1.200.000 Gold, 900.000 Hero Feathers, 600.000 Hero Fragments, and 500.000 Skill Points to change Jobs into [Heaven Transcendental Demigod]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Divine Heaven Buddha's Domain (SSS)] and [Divine Heaven Buddha's Palm (SSS)]!]

Wait, what?

Buddha?!

Ding!

[Stockpiled EXP has been applied]

[Your Job has increased from Level 210 to Level 211!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 211 to Level 212!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 212 to Level 213!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 213 to Level 214!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 214 to Level 215!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 215 to Level 216!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 216 to Level 217!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 217 to Level 218!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 218 to Level 219!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 219 to Level 220!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 220 to Level 221!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 221 to Level 222!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 222 to Level 223!]

[Your Job has increased from Level 223 to Level 224!]

…

[Your Job has increased from Level 239 to Level 240!]

[Max Level reached!]

After looking at this frenetic leveling, I quickly and easily reached Level 240… the level cap this time was of 30 levels, and I swept through them without any problems.

Now, I can change Jobs… again!

And I already got two overpowered Skills and even more Stats, I must check my changes right away!

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race(s): [Abyssal Blood Vampire], [Transcendent Heaven Embryo]

[Elements: [All]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood], [Divinity of Heavens]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [150]

[Gold: [5.758.569]

[Hero Feathers: [3.379.742]

[Hero Fragments: [3.447.340]

[Job: [Heaven Transcendental Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod], [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod]

[Skill Points: [4.156.426]

[Existence Rank: [Demi Deity: Rank 9/9 (Initial Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: Heavenly Great Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Initial Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Infernal Core Rank: [Heavenly White Infernal Essence Realm (Upper Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Primeval Soul Realm (Upper Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[System Rank: [Rank 3]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management], [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], [Mana Creation Factory]

[Level: [210/210] -> [240/240]

[Vitality: [15.400.000/15.400.000 -> 24.000.000/24.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 120.000]

[Mana: [23.500.000/23.500.000 -> 32.200.000/32.200.000] [Growth Per Level: 140.000]

[Strength: [14.400.000 -> 23.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 120.000]

[Magic: [18.500.000 -> 27.700.000] [Growth Per Level: 140.000]

[Dexterity: [13.900.000 -> 22.500.000] [Growth Per Level 120.000]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 20.500], [Fire: 32.000], [Water: 20.500], [Wind: 18.500], [Space: 22.000], [Time: 19.500], [Life: 22.000], [Death: 30.500], [Dark: 25.500], [Light: 21.500]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 19.200], [Dream/Nightmare: 19.200], [Phantom: 26.500], [Blood: 41.000], [Poison: 19.500], [Soul: 65.000], [Nature: 23.000], [Thunder: 19.000], [Ice: 22.500], [War/Strength: 43.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 30.500], [Fate: 35.000], [Void: 21.000], [Law: 27.000], [System: 50.000]

<Fusion Skills>

[Divine Heaven Devouring Physique and Psyche (Transcendental)]

…

Everything increased so much… I am almost double as strong as before!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 206 - Changing Jobs Again!


-----

After checking my status it was more than proven that I had grown stronger. This new Job was insane in its bonuses, and it also brought a lot of more attribute particles. Each level enhanced my stats even further, and now that I had hit max level, I could quickly change Jobs once more.

I had gotten two new and mysterious Skills regarding the power of my new Heaven Physique and Psyche, but I've decided to check them later. However, they appear to be one for passive effect and the other might be an active attack Skill.

Nonetheless, I decided to change Jobs before anything else, it appears I used all my EXP now, so I won't be able to level up straight away… perhaps one or two levels maybe, but not all the way up.

I still got plenty of resources after the daily dungeon run, so I am pretty confident I can change now.

I quickly checked the available Jobs without anything else to wait for…

…

[Available Jobs]

[Abyssal Dark Hollow Void Lord Demigod]

[Spiritual Elemental Infernal Lord Demigod]

[Transcendental Heaven Buddha Demigod]

…

No summoner Jobs this time, I suppose these ones are more for my own personal power than boosting my allies or creating more allies… I already picked up way too many Summoner Jobs anyways, so a little break from them to develop my own power is welcomed.

Now… what should I pick? The two first Jobs seems like upgrades from the previous ones I didn't pick, while the last one seems to be a direct evolution from the one, I currently have, related to the "Buddha" Skills I got from it.

I don't know why Buddha has been involved into this, but it might have something to do with the relation of ascending the heavens, reaching transcendence, and more, which my physique and psyche had given me the chance to do

I do have the temptation of developing towards this path, I kind of want to see what might happen if I merge it with the power of the spear, I had been acquiring through other Job changes.

But then again, the power of acquiring and mastering the Void element also seems quite tempting. I kind of want to pick this one before Buddha so I can have more variety.

Hmm… I wish I could ask someone else this, but the girls are sleeping now, and I don't want to bother them while they're resting so tenderly.

Anyways, I will go with my own instincts and pick whatever I think I should pick.

Ding!

[You've exchanged 1.600.000 Gold, 1.200.000 Hero Feathers, 800.000 Hero Fragments, and 700.000 Skill Points to change Jobs into [Transcendental Heaven Buddha Demigod]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Transcendental Heaven Golden Halo (SSS)] and [Universal Transcendence Senses (SSS)]!]

FLASH!

The moment I changed Jobs to the last one, I felt a strange dizziness, as my senses felt like they expanded from my original position widely around me.

It was shocking, but I had just transcended my senses. It was right in that one Skill.

My merely concentrating a bit, I was able to "feel" within the expanded space around me.

I was able to infuse more mana and to see widely.

The entire divine realm was within my senses, but not only that, as I expanded them more, I was able to see outside of it, a large area of Earth, in fact.

The range was gigantic too, it was dozens of kilometers, covering the entirety of the continent of America both south and north, almost one third of the planet.

Wow.

Within it, I could see everything, it truly felt like transcendental senses.

It really felt like my senses had transcended beyond the mortal senses.

I guess we already got down one of the Skill effects.

I also felt the closed dimensional cracks.

These cracks felt more like wounds forcefully closed by a spatial patch.

And like any wound that is yet to actually heal, the path can be forcefully taken out and the wound be open again… these cracks might open at any time, flooding this planet with these accursed invaders once more.

And I really don't want that! We better finish off this giant tentacle and then I will try to swallow the planet inside my divine realm.

Anyways, moving on, let's check my stats.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race(s): [Abyssal Blood Vampire], [Transcendent Heaven Embryo]

[Elements: [All]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood], [Divinity of Heavens]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [150]

[Gold: [4.158.569]

[Hero Feathers: [2.179.742]

[Hero Fragments: [2.647.340]

[Skill Points: [3.456.426]

[Job: [Transcendental Heaven Buddha Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod], [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod], [Heaven Transcendental Demigod]

[Existence Rank: [Deity: Rank 1/9 (Initial Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: Heavenly Great Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Peak Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Infernal Core Rank: [Heavenly White Infernal Essence Realm (Peak Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Primeval Soul Realm (Peak Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[System Rank: [Rank 3]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management], [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], [Mana Creation Factory]

[Level: [240/270]

[Vitality: [24.000.000/24.000.000 -> 30.000.000/30.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 140.000]

[Mana: [32.200.000/32.200.000 -> 37.000.000/37.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 160.000]

[Strength: [23.000.000 -> 28.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 140.000]

[Magic: [27.700.000 -> 32.000.000] [Growth Per Level: 160.000]

[Dexterity: [22.500.000 ->27.500.000] [Growth Per Level 140.000]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 25.500], [Fire: 37.000], [Water: 25.500], [Wind: 23.500], [Space: 27.000], [Time: 24.500], [Life: 27.000], [Death: 35.500], [Dark: 30.500], [Light: 26.500]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 24.200], [Dream/Nightmare: 24.200], [Phantom: 31.500], [Blood: 46.000], [Poison: 24.500], [Soul: 70.000], [Nature: 28.000], [Thunder: 24.000], [Ice: 27.500], [War/Strength: 48.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 35.500], [Fate: 40.000], [Void: 26.000], [Law: 32.000], [System: 55.000]

…

The stats had once more increased by 5 million each, approximately, while attribute particles increased by 5k each, not bad…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 207 - New Heavenly Skills!


-----

After having changed Jobs, the only thing left to do was checking my new Skills and-

Eh?

Oh.

I see.

Wait a second, I just realized this, but apparently, I had become a Deity.

No explosive changes happened, nor any thunderous sounds came out of my body and bathed the world in chaos either.

So I had just thought that things were doing fine.

But it seems that I had become a Deity, I had already trespassed the level of Demi Deity, and I had become an actual official Deity!

Though… I didn't got any new Divinity, mostly because I already had plenty of them.

However, as I took a peek in the outside of my house through the window, I noticed that the whole place had begun to change once more. The land of this floating island had become a true continent now, and where the once ocean was, there is now a giant sea.

Several mountains are erected across the entire space, and several smaller islands float across the sky and around the continent too. There are even large jungles, shores, and even islands in the giant sea in the middle of the floating continent to boot.

So there's everything we could ever ask for now… pretty cool.

The streams of divine energy were rushing everywhere as well, making the entire experience more enrichingly beautiful.

Everything was upgraded, and it reflected itself in the Inner World Status.

…

<Inner World System Function>

[Inner World Owner]: [Gustav]

[Main Land]: [Grand Heavenly Cloud Floating Continent: Rank 5] (Rank Up!)

[Main Land Special Areas]: [Magic Farm: Rank 5], [Cattle Farm: Rank 5], [Grand Seven-Colored Ocean: Rank 5], [Various Dungeons: Varied Ranks], [Alchemy Atelier: Rank 5] (New!), [Blacksmith Metallurgy: Rank 5] (New!), [To be unlocked], […]

[Annexed Lands]: [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Grounds]

[Inner World Traits]: [Artificial Weather], [Time Dilation: 1:15] (Up!), [Enhanced Essence Recovery], [Enhanced Land Mass], [Enhanced Soil Quality], [Divine Energy Flow], [Enhanced and Rich Oceans] (New!), [Facility Effect Enhancement] (New!), [Magic Ore Mining Enhancement] (New!)

<Main Land Status>

[Grand Heavenly Cloud Floating Continent]

[Main Land Rank]: [Rank 5]

[Land Magic Essence]: [B-Grade]

[Land Quality]: [B-Grade]

[Land Size]: [B-Grade]

[Traits]: [Giant Forest (B-Grade)] x120, [Massive Continental Rivers (B-Grade)] x70, [Giant Ocean Lakes (B-Grade)] x20, [High Quality Magic Ore Mountains (B-Grade)] x40, [Grand Seven-Colored Ocean (B-Grade)] x1

<Main Land Special Areas Status>

[Magic Farm]

[Special Area Rank]: [Rank 5]

[Farm Quality]: [B-Grade]

[Farm Size]: [B-Grade]

[Soil Nutrients]: [B-Grade]

[Soil Freshness]: [B-Grade]

[Soil Humidity]: [B-Grade]

[Soil Magic Essence]: [B-Grade]

[Traits]: [Enhanced Plant Growth Speed (B-Grade)], [Enhanced Soil Quality (B-Grade)], [Magic Essence Gathering (B-Grade)], [Rare Trait Blessing (B-Grade)], [Hybrid Plant Mutation (B-Grade)], [Super Rare Hybrid Plant Mutation (B-Grade)], [Yet to be unlocked], […]

…

The quality of everything was enhanced greatly, and there were now several new traits that the whole place was enjoying. There was the new addition of two giant facilities, Alchemy Atelier and Blacksmith Metallurgy.

It said that the items acquired from this world can be used and refined there to make all sorts of other items, potions, equipment, weapons, and so on.

With that out of the way, time to check these Skills…

…

[Divine Heaven Buddha's Domain (SSS)]

Unleash the transcendental power of the Heavens, expanding your Domain Aura through a 15-kilometer radius around you. While doing so, all your stats are enhanced by +500% and your HP recovery speed is enhanced greatly. Any allies within this Domain receive a +300% enhancement into all their stats and their recovery speed is greatly enhanced, while Summon-type allies require half the Mana to be summoned.

Foes that enter this domain are suppressed greatly from their negative emotions, being shrouded in the sense of peace, balance, and transcendence, receiving a debuff of -200% to all their stats, while the effects and power of all their Abilities or Skills is reduced by -20%. Depending in the difference between stats, this debuff might increase or decrease.

…

This one Skill seemed pretty sweet, it could expand a great domain that enhanced me and my allies and weakened my foes. Simply yet highly effective.

…

[Divine Heaven Buddha's Palm (SSS)]

While using the [Divine Heaven Buddha's Domain (SSS)] Skill, gather all its divine heaven essence and materialize everything into a gigantic golden palm, which dispels the Domain temporarily as it fuels this powerful attack.

The palm can be controlled by a third hand while floating in midair, and even use abilities, techniques, or crush its enemies with immense weight and might.

Deals +500% Damage based on Strength and Magic, while the damage is enhanced by an additional +200% if it deals damage against a being harboring negative emotions.

The Palm can also detonate, dealing +1000% damage and ignoring -50% of all foe's defenses.

…

This one was quite wild and interesting; it was the skill of using a giant palm made out of the domain previously mentioned.

…

[Transcendental Heaven Golden Halo (SSS)]

Gather the power of the heavens atop your body, generating a golden halo of colorful and rainbow light. While active, enhances the user Elemental Resistance and Elemental Damage of all Elements it has ever acquired by +1000%. The Halo can be summoned and shared up to 20 times with different allies, who would receive half the original effects.

This Halo can also be infused into an attack and make it extra deadly, enhancing its elemental damage and defense penetration.

…

Oh, this was a simple buff that enhanced elemental damage the most, I liked It a lot more.

And lastly…

…

[Universal Transcendence Senses (SSS)]

Expand your senses beyond your scope through your universal senses, using MP to enhance its range and details, you're capable of sensing even farther away from your original position on it.

…

All four of these were the wondrous Skills given by the Heaven-related Jobs! And all of them looked amazing in their effects and what they could do. I felt the transcendence rushing through my veins or whatever, and I could clearly see that they were destined for greatness.

If I could use multiple Buddha's Palms with the Tentacle… Hmm…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 208 - A Small Timeskip


-----

It has been half a month since I changed Jobs last time, and a lot of things had gone by inside my Inner World. First of all, the structure of the entire place had changed, the skies became even vaster than before, the forests grew larger and richer, the flora and fauna began to flourish more beautifully than ever before, and even more, the places where one could plant new vegetables and fruits had multiplied several times since back then due to the upgrade, allowing us to get even more of these magical items.

These magical items that could be purchased from the shop could not be planted anywhere else than in these special farming grounds, this is why I had been wanting them to expand.

If we could had, I would had already done it! You know, I am not an idiot or something… but the thing is, it takes some time to even get to it.

After all, the only way to do is by upgrading the damn Inner World through a Rank Up into a higher Realm, most likely. Perhaps Ranks might help little by little, but the jump to a new Realm was what triggers it to increase in Ranks.

Nonetheless, now that we got so many blocks, we worked hard to get pretty good items into there, the new vegetables, and fruits I purchased from the shop had been of great help to increase my stats and that of everyone else too.

With that out of the way, the large sea that was formed became twice as big over the course of some time, and it now harbored large quantities of marine life and monsters to hunt, which were being constantly fished by the people. I even got myself my own little fishing company through the large city that was being developed. I didn't wanted to make a monopoly out of it, so I let anyone fish whatever they wanted, although they had to beware of monsters.

This is my group was the best in this regard! It used tamed monsters, summons, and overpowered humans to fish great quantities of fish which I then sold or used for ourselves. We mostly ate it, of course, this whole thing was because I wanted to eat fried shrimp.

And about the babies? They had done mostly fine by now; they are still developing inside the wombs of the two girls and are showing some incredibly unique traits I never thought possible to exists.

You see, because I am originally a being made of flesh, and my girls are beings made of ethereal energy, the child that could come out of it was unique, it was half flesh and half spiritual being, something completely new that could have endless potential, and even more, inherit the broken powers of summons, a creation of the system, and recreate them into a genuine non-system-created living being.

As of now, both girls shouldn't get into any fights because they're pregnant, but Gaia said that they can still fight from long range, and even more, if they separate into their original forms, one of them can be left carrying the baby while the others fuse back and fight.

Of course, their strength is lowered, but they can add more to the fight, and as long as those are well guarded inside my Inner Realm, the others can constantly come back as long as I have Mana.

But well, not only that, there is also my Tamed Monsters. All of them had developed greatly lately, and were glistening with divine brilliance. Cuco had become a beautiful and gigantic black panther with draconic purple scales around parts of his bod, his claws leaked deadly poison, and his tail became a deadly and aggressive snake too.

The other monsters, although weaker than my amazing cat, which I've raised ever since he was a tiny black kitten, had also risen decently into very strong beings. Most of them were already around the mid or peak of Demigod-level power, while Cuco had already reached early God Realms of power…

Indeed, my black house cat had become a powerful God at this point…

And well, there's also the Javier and his family, Natasha, and the three talented Humans, making up this group of strong combatants, we'll make our way out into the wild and go slice that big tentacle to make Takoyaki out of it.

My stats had increased ever since before, as I've leveled up a bit.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race(s): [Abyssal Blood Vampire], [Transcendent Heaven Embryo]

[Elements: [All]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood], [Divinity of Heavens]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [150]

[Gold: [7.269.569]

[Hero Feathers: [4.283.742]

[Hero Fragments: [3.958.340]

[Skill Points: [4.256.426]

[Job: [Transcendental Heaven Buddha Demigod]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod], [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod], [Heaven Transcendental Demigod]

[Existence Rank: [Deity: Rank 2/9 (Upper Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: Heavenly Great Divine Celestial Beast Spirit Demigod Realm (Peak Stage)]

[Infernal Core Rank: [Heavenly White Infernal Essence Realm (Peak Stage)]

[Soul Cultivation: [Divine Primeval Soul Realm (Peak Stage)]

[System Rank: [Rank 3]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management], [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], [Mana Creation Factory]

[Level: [240/270] -> [248/270]

[Vitality: [30.000.000/30.000.000 -> 31.120.000/31.120.000] [Growth Per Level: 140.000]

[Mana: [37.000.000/37.000.000 -> 38.280.000/38.280.000] [Growth Per Level: 160.000]

[Strength: [28.000.000 -> 29.120.000] [Growth Per Level: 140.000]

[Magic: [32.000.000 -> 33.280.000] [Growth Per Level: 160.000]

[Dexterity: [27.500.000 -> 28.120.000] [Growth Per Level 140.000]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 33.500], [Fire: 45.000], [Water: 33.500], [Wind: 41.500], [Space: 35.000], [Time: 32.500], [Life: 35.000], [Death: 43.500], [Dark: 38.500], [Light: 34.500]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 32.200], [Dream/Nightmare: 32.200], [Phantom: 39.500], [Blood: 54.000], [Poison: 32.500], [Soul: 78.000], [Nature: 36.000], [Thunder: 32.000], [Ice: 35.500], [War/Strength: 56.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 43.500], [Fate: 48.000], [Void: 34.000], [Law: 40.000], [System: 63.000]

<Fusion Skills>

[Divine Heaven Devouring Physique and Psyche (Transcendental)]

…

I think I am ready…

Let's give it a shot.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 209 - Time To Slay The Last Invader


-----

Gustav opened his portal to the outside world. He felt nervous, he hasn't gone out in over a month. He felt like a NEET that hadn't left his home for years.

He could barely move, he felt overwhelmed by a feeling of fear. However, he mustered his strength and pushed forward, with all those behind him.

The outside world greeted him, although it had changed and now monsters roamed it, there was now a clear blue sky, white clouds, and a calmer atmosphere than before.

There was no red sky nor strange colors flowing everywhere…

But for how long would this truly last? He didn't really know.

The cracks to the other dimensions might soon open once more, he wasn't sure how long this peace would last.

Due to this, he required to do the impossible and do as Gaia had suggested. He had to fuse this entire plane with his Inner World to rescue it, and then, fly away somewhere else very far away from all this amalgamation of cracks.

After that, he would think about what to do later…

But for now, to do this, he required more power, and also, to free Earth from its last long invader that hasn't left ever since the Ragnarök began many months ago.

There it was, so big and gigantic that it could be seen from anywhere within the world.

An enormous crack that led to a chaotic and colorfully psychedelic world where a gigantic green tentacle emerged, which was piercing the planet and slowly slurping its energy.

If things were to be left like this for any longer, Earth would weaken, and Gaia might die.

However, it could probably take several more months if not over a year to get to such a point.

But that was enough to be alarmed.

Gaia knew that this could happen, so she was mildly hurrying him up.

The gigantic tentacle slowly absorbed energy for sustenance to the body it came from.

If such a massive tentacle came from a being this big, then its real body might be at least a third of the planet's mass.

How could it be possible to defeat it actually and realistically?

Of course not, it was impossible to defeat such a being even with Gustav's power.

But it was possible to cut off the connection to wherever it came from, cutting off the tentacle through the dimensional sever that Gaia would forcefully make occur!

The plan was simply, slaying the tentacle after being sliced, and try to suppress it from destroying anything!

Gustav knew that it would be hard, a mere finger from a monster above Gods was still strong enough to squash anything below it!

This tentacle was the same, it would come from something utterly terrifying in power.

"Are you nervous, master?" asked Kireina, one of the three had been left inside of Gustav's Inner Realm, but they were still fused together, the two left. They had leveled up enough to make up for a bit of the power lost from their third one not being present.

"A bit. But I have faith… We can pull it out if we put everything into it." Said Gustav.

"I am sure we will be able to, Master, let's do it." Said Anna, one of their members, specifically Veronica, had left with the baby inside of the Inner World, the two carrying them were left inside of the house where they all lived, patiently waiting for her beloved's return.

"Yeah, let's get to it."

"We are ready whenever you give the order." Said Ervas.

"Thanks… Very well then."

Gustav flew with everyone else at his side through the skies, activating several Domain Skills at the same time, coupled with the Domain of Buddha, he boosted their stats and enhanced their natural healing. The aura of several lights and colors coated everyone with more resolve.

As they reached around 1 kilometer near the tentacle, they saw the gigantic thing. It was bigger than the rat they once fought, even bigger than mountains themselves.

If this thing were to wreak havoc, wouldn't the world itself be in danger? And how would they be able to destroy this? Did it had a core to it, or would Gustav have to just blast it into pieces? With such a size, it would take months!

"Gaia, had you thought this through a bit more? How exactly can we kill the giant tentacle? With such attacks… it won't be enough." Said Gustav.

"I know! And this is why you use the power of the Guardian in that time!" she said.

"Oh… that!"

"Indeed, you will suppress this entity and also enhance your own power. By suppressing this giant tentacle, you'll gain an advantage and it will weaken greatly momentarily… it is that time when you strike and pulverize it with everything you got!" said Gaia.

"I see… Well, it is worth giving it a shot… Do it, Gaia." Said Gustav.

Gaia nodded in silence, as the energies within the core of the world began to gather around its atmosphere!

TRUUUMMM!

Gustav and his companions saw gigantic rivers of all kinds of energies and essences flowing across the sky, conjuring and fusing to create something new… something mystical!

FLAAASH!

The energies gathered into the sky and fused together into a tremendous force.

And then…!

CLASH!

The gate of that led to this monster with tentacle was closed!

But not?!

The monster's skin was so thick it could even resist such a deadly attack! The dimensions closing didn't meant a thing for it!

The dimensional sever wasn't actually working properly?!

"No… Not yet!"

Gaia roared loudly as she infused her will and everything, she had within her, Gustav and everyone with him saw as the planet itself exuded her strong and undying will to survive and protect those living in her planet!

FLASH!

The dimensional sever became more intense, as the monster within the tentacle began to cry in pan…!

"GRUUOOOGGGGGG…!"

CRASH!

SLASH!

The dimension was severed, and now…!

CLASH!

The tentacle began to move desperately.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 210 - The Anger Of A Dimensional Ruler!


-----

The monstrous entity within the alien dimension connected to Earth felt an incredibly excruciating pain! It trembled in anger and fury, in agony and wrath, in frustration and utter disbelief!

How dare they do this to it?! These mortals, these mere ants! These insignificant bacteria! These rats!

Its monstrous body that expanded trough an entire dimension worth of space wriggled in anger. From all the worlds it had visited and extended its tentacles, this was the first one where they had done something so bold, he couldn't even believe this was real life!

This monstrous being was nothing else but an abyssal entity that resided within its own Dimension. This Dimension was once an actual one like all others, a vast Bubble with many bubble inside, each one possessing billions of multi-verses stuck together in prisms of so many fragmentations of reality that it seemed infinite! (although it wasn't)

However, this monstrous being had risen from a mere space-traveling creature into an abomination that devoured spaceships, then planets, then stars, then entire solar systems, galaxies, galaxy clusters, Universes, Multiverses, Omniverses, and then, when it realized what had happened, he had devoured the entire Dimension and it had suddenly become it complete domain!

Yes, this being was way above most of the invaders from other Dimensions, who actually only belonged to a Universe or at most to an Omniverse, none of them ever had shown the power of this entity, who was already breaking through a Realm so above Gustav and his allies that they would be left dumbfounded if they were to learn the truth!

This entity of such a high Realm, however, had a weakness!

Due to how it ended devouring everything, his dimension became an empty space that slowly fused with its own body, and due to that, it was incapable of moving away from its own dimension and had to use other methods to fight and attack other dimensions, namely use his sheer power to break the Fabric of Reality and enter other dimensions leisurely, absorbing their energies for its on nourishment…

And the thing is, this being had been doing this way before the Ragnarök began! This monstrous interdimensional invader had many names across the dimensions it attacked and whose Universes it devoured… But it was well known by the Dimensional Traveling Races as Gatuhn'ka, the Devourer of Realities!

This monstrous antagonistic existence was thought to be invincible, and any attempt at defeating it only ended in the complete demise of those attempting to destroy it.

Due to how fearful it was, this being intimidated all nearby Dimensions to his own, and made a wasteland of empty dimensions around his own as he devoured anything.

The inhabitants that managed to escape into other dimensions could only remember his existence with utter horror. This being couldn't be taken lightly at all!

However, a planet, a bold one at that, suddenly sliced off a tip of its tentacle, which it was using to snack on a tiny planet it found around randomly.

But it was not random anymore, this insolent being who dared to slice his tentacle tip, which was the equivalent to having your fingernail cut for him, boiled his prideful mind with anger!

"WHO DARES DEFY ME?!" he roared angrily, as he tried to quickly go back to this world, but its location was quickly closed and it was replaced by many other dimensional gates that emerged all around him through his powers, making him grow even more angered!

He began to quickly dig through his own dimension with his gargantuan tentacles, trying to find once more the gate that led to this dimension! However, it was now lost, so whenever he were to find it, it might take an incredible while…

But it was going to find them!

He lost almost all his connection to this small piece of himself as it was a dimension apart from him.

Nonetheless, he knew it could triumph against them, even as the fingernail version of this entity, this one fingernail could have the power to destroy a planet if it went all out, and he was going to use it to kill those that dared to cut his fingernail!

The fingernail, or well, the massive tentacle fell over the world of Earth now…

CLASH!

Like a vicious fish that was taken out of the water and was thrown into land, the tentacle began to move around angrily, trying to get back to its owner but not being able to! It was left hopeless in this dimension, alone and desperate!

And with a tremendous pain!

Its entire body was aching with agony, this tentacle suddenly gendered several tiny, red-shot eyes across its tentacled body, glaring at its target, Gustav, and company!

"ITS MOVING!" said Gustav, feeling panicked as he quickly unleashed all of his domains once more and reinforced them with tremendous quantities of mana! A second after, all the spirits he was summoning beforehand emerged out of his inner world, where he had stored them, and then they began to fuse with all of his allies, stacking up to 40 times now, and skyrocketing their power to completely new levels!

However, he wasn't going to use just these, he summoned more beforehand, as they all rushed forward like an enormous wave of summons! And to boot, the Tamed Monsters he held also rushed forward, led by Cuco, Wisp, and massive spaceships possessed by malicious spirits led by Undead Slarkobs!

All of this massive army was led by Gustav and his group of close allies, all rushing to fight against the great menace that had emerged into this world.

To this being, this tentacle tip was a mere fingernail, but it was enough to erupt its anger, meanwhile, for Gustav and his allies, this gigantic tentacle meant the entire destruction of their planet if left to do as it pleased!

The tentacle easily figured out who separated it from its main body, glaring at Gustav and his giant army with scorn!

Its entire body began to move across the landscape, flattening the towns it went through and all the forests, leaving entire wastelands before itself. It moved like a skilled snake out of the sudden, and its tip shapeshifted into a massive jaw filled with razor-sharp teeth!

"GRRUUUOOHH…!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 211 - Against The Giant Tentacle!


-----

A massive army of spirits and tamed beasts rushed gloriously from Gustav's divine realm!

All of this massive army was led by Gustav and his group of close allies, all rushing to fight against the great menace that had emerged into this world.

They were completely unaware that the being whom tentacle they had sliced off was a being so incredibly abyssal!

To this being, this tentacle tip was a mere fingernail, but it was enough to erupt its anger, meanwhile, for Gustav and his allies, this gigantic tentacle meant the entire destruction of their planet if left to do as it pleased!

Of course, they could never figure out such a thing from this entity and assumed differently.

The tentacle easily figured out who separated it from its main body, glaring at Gustav and his giant army with scorn!

Its entire body began to move across the landscape, flattening the towns it went through and all the forests, leaving entire wastelands before itself. It moved like a skilled snake out of the sudden, and its tip shapeshifted into a massive jaw filled with razor-sharp teeth!

"GRRUUUOOHH…!"

The monstrous tentacle tip opened into five sections resembling an open flower, with each petal being like a lip of flesh with billions of tiny razor-sharp fangs! It even had a deep esophagus filled with even more razor-sharp fangs, and a poisonous secretion coming out from its mouth, alongside a long tentacle-like tongue!

Gustav glared at it with his power of Appraisal and immediately realized how abyssal it was! This thing was incredibly and ridiculously strong… even with all of their efforts… could they even win?!

It was just the fingernail equivalent to this monster, the original being where this tentacle belonged to, but this monstrous tentacle was enough to level the entire world…

Could Gustav really… had a chance?

Of course, he had ways to weaken it!

"Gaia!"

"Very well!"

Gaia was not done! Now that the being had stopped sucking her energy off, she felt revitalized, and used this energy for the next move in their arsenal!

And this powerful move was…

…

[Planet's Guardian: Earth (SSS)]

A Skill gave to the Guardian of the Planet Earth, selected by the planet's will.

Grants a substantial enhancement to the user's growth speed, alongside stats, and stat growth.

Additionally, it grants several extra effects:

A complete map of the entire planet within your mind, where you can guide yourself easily where you need to go.

You can expand your senses across the entire planet by using Mana, detecting foes and dangerous entities rushing around, so you can find them easily.

You can share the power with the planet, the more power you acquire, the stronger the planet will grow as well.

By using a lot of Mana, the planet can enhance your capabilities and stats by a small amount of time, but there is a cooldown of a whole day before you can use this again.

By using a lot of mana, you can exert the planet's Laws over an enemy, temporarily suppressing part of their power, has a cooldown of half a day.

You become a natural leader to all living beings that have originated from this planet.

…

With this power, Gustav could use the very power of Earth itself, its Laws and its energy, to suppress a being for a small amount of time, to the point of even decreasing their stats to an insane degree! This power was what allowed Gustav to kill the Celestial King despite being way too strong for him to defeat, and now, it allowed him to weaken this being to the point he could actually kill it realistically!

And also, he used its other effect to enhance his own power above his own Realm, as his divinities suddenly and temporarily evolved into those of a Great God, not a God!

The substantial increase in power was so great that Gustav felt like had had been reborn…

FLAAAASSSHHH!

However, this power only lasted a bit, and after that, he was most likely going to feel a tremendous burden over his entire body and soul. He had to move and do it as quickly as possible to be able to ensure the safety of everyone and himself!

His entire body glistened with the tremendous powers of heavens, as his divinities suddenly evolved into great divinities!

Everyone around him felt the change in power as he shared this energy through their mana connection. Gustav felt reborn anew, and flew towards his target at an incredible speed, reaching the giant monstrous tentacle who was pressured and weakened!

"GRRYYAARRRR!"

The monstrous creature who was at least 3 kilometers big roared back at Gustav, as he began to gather his power across his entire body and then… into his chest!

He suddenly activated a special skill and his techniques, exploding into golden smoke and becoming a massive dragon with scales covering his body and several heads!

"If I use this power… I can even take a bit of your size!

The tentacle was left dumbfounded as Gustav's size increased hundreds of times! He suddenly became as big as one kilometer and a half! And resembled a world-ending dragon covered in dark and gold scales with several heads and gigantic wings on its back!

BOOOOMMM!

His gigantic body fell over the monstrous and deadly beast, as without further elaboration, both began to attack each other with all the deadly power they could!

Gustav suddenly gathered the power of his domains into a gigantic draconic claw!

Buddha's Palm had suddenly transformed due to his power and became a Buddha's Dragon Claw!

CLAAAAASSSSSSHHH!

The gigantic claw reached the weakened tentacle, as it suddenly began to tear apart a large chunk out of its flesh, as tender white meat was revealed beneath the hard red and black skin!

The monstrous tentacle groaned in agony as I counterattacked Gustav, creating more tentacles across its body, and wrapping his body with them, using his jaws to begin to devour his body!

CLASH! CRASH! BOOM!

But Gustav punched its jaws!

"RROOOARR!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 212 - The Combined Power Of Everyone!


-----

Gustav led his enormous army towards battle! He pointed out his large and powerful divine spear towards the gigantic tentacle monster, as he had activated the incredibly power of the Earth's Guardian Skill!

The giant tentacle felt weakened and suddenly dropped in Realms of power in an instant, but only temporarily! Meanwhile, Gustav grew in power so much he suddenly reached almost the peak of Great God, a complete other Realm above his own!

This was one of his strongest cheats, but it had a long cooldown and couldn't be abused as Earth would grow exahsuted of overusing it. Nonetheless, it was the powerful ability to defy destiny and fight beings that he knew he couldn't possibly hope to ever defeat.

Gaia had explicitly explained to Gustav beforehand that the stronger he grew, the stronger the effects of this wonderful Skill would become, meaning that the stronger he grew, the even greater the boost would become.

And even deadlier the debuff!

However, because this ability could only target a single being, it couldn't be abused in large groups, and it was a last resort to beat the big boss of these invaders…

It was once used against the Celestial King, but now, Gustav had to use it without a doubt against this deadly tentacle from another dimension, with the power enough to destroy the entire planet if left to do as it pleased!

"GRRYYAARRRR!"

The monstrous creature who was at least 3 kilometers big, roared back at Gustav, as he began to gather his power across his entire body and then… into his chest!

He suddenly activated a special skill and his techniques, exploding into golden smoke and becoming a massive dragon with scales covering his body and several heads!

Gustav felt like the power flowing from his body was tremendously vast! It felt as if he was overflowing with gigantic rivers of milky white energies of the heavens themselves.

His entire body roared like a furious holy dragon coated in golden scales, his entire body with multiple heads and claws roared loudly, as he felt the power flow through every inch of massive body.

"If I use this power… I can even take a bit of your size!"

Gustav began to absorb the energy of the entire planet as his size began to grow to insane levels out of nowhere!

The tentacle was left dumbfounded as Gustav's size increased hundreds of times! He suddenly became as big as one kilometer and a half! And resembled a world-ending dragon covered in dark and gold scales with several heads and gigantic wings on its back!

BOOOOMMM!

His gigantic body fell over the monstrous and deadly beast, as without further elaboration, both began to attack each other with all the deadly power they could!

Gustav suddenly gathered the power of his domains into a gigantic draconic claw! The draconic claws gathered this power and glistened in bright spiritual lights, several spirits fused with them and created a brand new powered-up technique!

Buddha's Palm had suddenly transformed due to his power and became a Buddha's Dragon Claw!

CLAAAAASSSSSSHHH!

The gigantic claw reached the weakened tentacle, as it suddenly began to tear apart a large chunk out of its flesh, as tender white meat was revealed beneath the hard red and black skin!

The claw was incredibly powerful, as it quickly began to overflow with power and gathered all of tis power over the wound, exploding after Gustav's command!

BOOOOMMM!!!

The explosion was deadly and spread through a powerful matter-disintegrating heaven essence from within, spreading into the monstrous tentacle's body, which couldn't regenerate its wounds as it could do before due to how weakened it had become!

"GRRYYYAARRRR…!"

The monstrous tentacle groaned in agony as I counterattacked Gustav, creating more tentacles across its body, and wrapping his body with them, using his jaws to begin to devour his body!

CLASH! CRASH! BOOM!

But Gustav punched its jaws!

"RROOOARR!"

The two massive beasts continued to wrestle against one another, as Gustav utilized a part of the army of Spirits, he was continuously pouring outside of his divine realm into materials to create another Dragon Claw of gigantic proportions fusing them with the effects of Buddha's Palm!

Additionally, he generated a massive halo of various rainbow colors across his heads, making him resemble an almighty dragon god that had come to bestow judgment in this invader from another dimension! This halo was also part of the heavenly buddha set of skills, as it enhanced all of his elemental damage and also elemental resistance.

Through this, the summoned spirits of all shapes and sizes enhanced their elemental damage to completely new levels and when they fused, all of such bonus damages stacked together into a massive power, this gigantic claw!

Gustav was enormous and could barely move properly, so he commanded the massive dragon claw to attack the other side of the Tentacle, while his troops of summons, tamed beasts, and allies combined their powers into a massive formation made of their divinities, sharing a part of the power of Gustav, they knew that if they all went individually against this monster, despite it was weakened, it would be for nothing!

Due to this, they combined their efforts and abilities together through the techniques they had been practicing these last weeks with him, generating a new formation using each other as a node of it, and then, releasing the power of the spirits fused into them stacked 40 times each, merging everything together into a massive creature of almost the same size as Gustav!

"Good!" said Gustav, as the gigantic being resembled a massive chimera in between dragons, snakes, wolves, and all sorts of monstrous creatures covered in black, purple, and green scales, and possesing many monstrous heads, wings, and tails!

The unified mass of allies knew very well that alone they didn't stood a chance and wouldn't even be able to damage this monster. Perhaps in more individual battles that weren't against such a massive being, they would be able to fight by themselves and shine more alone, but now, the best way to do it was by merging their power together!

"GRROOOARRR!"

The monstrous being leaped towards the tentacle, attacking it!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 213 - Relentless Beast!


-----

The combined efforts of everyone formed a gigantic being! This gigantic being rushed towards the tentacle monster and began to unleash a powerful barrage of beam attacks from all the massive and terrifying jaws spread across the creature's body.

This monstrous chimera, which was the materialization of countless Divine Auras and Summoned Spirits merging together temporarily alongside the connection between all these members inside was acting wild and beastly, roaring angrily at everything it came across!

Gustav summons, tamed beasts, and allies combined their powers into a massive formation made of their divinities, sharing a part of the power of Gustav, they knew that if they all went individually against this monster, despite it was weakened, it would be for nothing!

Due to this, they combined their efforts and abilities together through the techniques they had been practicing these last weeks with him, generating a new formation using each other as a node of it, and then, releasing the power of the spirits fused into them stacked 40 times each, merging everything together into a massive creature of almost the same size as Gustav!

The gigantic being resembled a massive chimera in between dragons, snakes, wolves, and all sorts of monstrous creatures covered in black, purple, and green scales, and possesing many monstrous heads, wings, and tails… its appearance was truly abyssal and monstrously dark and chaotic.

The unified mass of allies knew very well that alone they didn't stood a chance and wouldn't even be able to damage this monster. Perhaps in more individual battles that weren't against such a massive being, they would be able to fight by themselves and shine more alone, but now, the best way to do it was by merging their power together.

This was a technique they learned from Gustav through these last two weeks! It allowed them to unify their power together through the bonding of souls using his own soul as the core of this formation. Gustav had just learned about formation making, but through his amazing talents, he was able to figure out a "recipe" for something truly wondrous.

This power came out of it, the complete unification of his smaller allies, all into a massive beast of a decent size, decent enough to battle against the massive tentacle monster.

The tentacle monster felt overwhelmed, it continued to bite through Gustav's body, but his scales were incredibly hard and continuously regenerated back! It felt overwhelmed! But it didn't gave up! Despite its power being lowered down, it continuously tried to ravage him, his tongue wrapped around his heads and tried to dissolve them, and it worked!

The venomous saliva it had was able to behead his heads easily! However, Gustav continued to regrow them without end, as if he were some sort of Hydra.

He used the power he had gained through the Earth's Guardian Skill to gain a supernatural regeneration speed, which he used to battle against this monstrous being.

He used his gigantic spear as well, which he enhanced with this power and filled with Spirits, making it grow to a massive size!

The golden divine spear became as massive as a mountain, as Gustav grasped it with the massive buddha's palm dragon claws and used it to begin slashing and breaking out the monstrous tentacle's body into pieces…!

SLASH! CLASH! BOOM!

However, the tentacle also fought monstrously wildly, slapping Gustav with the other tentacles it held and continuously spreading deadly venom over his body to dissolve his scales and flesh.

Gustav continued to fight but quickly felt like his wounds were healing slower now. His claws continued to slash through, his breath attack was explosive, to the level of a nuclear bomb, but despite this, the tentacle was barely withstanding many wounds, he was getting through it, but it had so much mass and vitality that it could continue for a while!

He began to generate more powers, as three more dragon claws emerged and flew inside of the tentacle monster's mouth, exploding inside of it!

"GRAAAH…?!"

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

The explosions were enough to blast the monstrous creature's entire esophagus, making it vomit a sea of blood and innards everywhere! Meanwhile, the fusion of Gustav's allies continued to fuse with many spirits and fuel its deadly attacks, breaking through the back area of the tentacle monster, and grilling his flesh into grilled octopus!

FLAAAAASSSSHHH!

The elemental beams continued to break through, as the jaws, claws, and tails of this monstrous creature viciously ravaged its body, tearing apart flesh and everything on its path viciously! The tentacle monster could only groan in agony as it was put into tremendous difficulties.

It, however, didn't gave up. It was a vicious monster that was once part of a being that had devoured an entire dimension and was also emptying many dimensions while searching for the ability to devour anything it wanted.

This monster had such potential too, but it was being weakened! If it wasn't because of this weakening effect…!

The monster roared one last time as it began to suddenly spin around like a drill, and began to rush underground!

If it was going to be defeated here, it was going to destroy this world from the very core and take everyone with it!

"Aggghhh…! Unngh…! G-Gustav! Don't let it get down!"

Suddenly, Gustav and his allies were suddenly startled by the agonizing screams of Gaia! She was being damaged and infected by this monster's interdimensional presence and venom, but now, it began to dig through her tectonic plates, which were the equivalent to a person's skin and muscles to her!

She groaned in agony, as the creature slipped off Gustav and his allies grasp, and began to move underground at an incredibly fast speed!

"You're not going anywhere!" roared Gustav, filling himself with power as he and his allies jumped down below the massive hole left by the tentacle beast, falling through hundreds of kilometers deep!

They readied their power as they flew down below, the darkness greeted them but their brilliant divinities illuminated the place, Gustav's spear suddenly grew larger as he pointed it at the beast, and launched it at it with everything he had!

FLAAAASH!

CLASH!

The spear reached the monstrous tentacle creature, piercing through its body!

"GGRYYAARRGGH…!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 214 - Struggling


-----

The monstrous tentacle creature was being overwhelmed! The power of Gustav and his combined troops began to consume his body! And even more, due to the planet's efforts, it exuded a strong pressure over its tentacled body, making it weaken tremendously, while Gustav's power only grew bigger as he felt like the planet itself boosted his energies to completely new levels.

But in an act of desperation, and was the tentacle beast was being overwhelmed, it thought that if it could not beat them, then it would simply destroy this entire world alongside itself and them!

The monstrous creature dug through the underground at an insane speed as Gustav and his allies couldn't stop it in time.

"Aggghhh…! Unngh…! G-Gustav! Don't let it get down!"

Suddenly, Gustav and his allies were suddenly startled by the agonizing screams of Gaia! She was being damaged and infected by this monster's interdimensional presence and venom, but now, it began to dig through her tectonic plates, which were the equivalent to a person's skin and muscles to her!

She groaned in agony, as the creature slipped off Gustav and his allies grasp and began to move underground at an incredibly fast speed!

"You're not going anywhere!" roared Gustav, filling himself with power as he and his allies jumped down below the massive hole left by the tentacle beast, falling through hundreds of kilometers deep!

They readied their power as they flew down below, the darkness greeted them, but their brilliant divinities illuminated the place, Gustav's spear suddenly grew larger as he pointed it at the beast, and launched it at it with everything he had!

FLAAAASH!

The spear flew at an incredible speed, resembling the judgement of a God reaching upon this sinful beast that had emerged form the depths of hell!

CLASH!

The spear reached the monstrous tentacle creature, piercing through its body! The horrifying agony that the monster went through made it scream pitifully. A scream of monstrous and alien-like nature that made those within Earth suddenly suffer strong headaches!

"GGRYYAARRGGH…!"

The creature struggled to get the massive spear out of its body, but the spear continued to pierce deeper into its body, burning through its inner flesh!

CLASH!

And then, Gustav's allies who had fused together reached it, as Kireina led the monster, she moved the power of everyone combined to generate massive fireworks spectacles of countless colors combined together. These fireworks were countless beams that came from all around the monster's body, raining over the tentacled creature mercilessly!

BOOM! BOOM_BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"GRUUUAAAARRGG…!"

The creature cried as Gustav flew like a flash of light towards the monster, grabbing it by extending his claws and wrapping his tail around it, and bringing it into the surface again!

FLASH!

BOOOOMMMM!!!

The massive beast was thrown into the surface as it devastated anything it came into contact with its massive body, entire landscapes were flattened in an instant, leaving only wastelands behind!

CRAAAASSSHH…!

The beast glared back at Gustav in utter discomfort and anger, it couldn't simply believe that he had dared to do such a thing against it! He literally threw it away from its target!

What was it? A plaything to him?!

The beast couldn't help but feel utterly angered and disappointed on itself, its entire body began to shapeshift as it utilized most of its dimensional energies left! It continuously shaped as a monstrous being of smaller tentacles coated in countless eyes, each tentacle and eye fired beams of red-color that could easily burn through most things!

Gustav and Kireina emerged into the surface once more, like a flash of golden and shadow light. The massive dragon-shaped entities flew towards the tentacled beast, as their footsteps and the shockwaves released by their wings flapping made the entire world tremble as earthquakes filled the America continent!

TRUUUUMMM!

CLASH!

The massive spear of Gustav flew away from the grasp of the monstrous being tentacles, however, the monster grasped them, wrapping its tentacles around the spear, and then pointing it at Gustav!

FLAAAAAASSSSHHH!

The spear was about to pierce Gustav's body, but he laughed!

"Heh, did you really thought that my own spear would come and kill me?!" he roared, infusing divine energy into his spear as it flashed with countless rainbow colors!

The spear began to spin around like a powerful drill, activating several abilities within it and reaching the monstrous kaiju-sized tentacle monster, piercing through its entire flesh and completely penetrating its body, leaving a massive hole in the middle of it!

CLAAAAASSSH!

"GGRYYYAAGGH…!"

The monster's wounds then exploded into pieces, but it was still alive!

The creature glared back at Gustav in complete stupor, as the massive spear was sent flying away and might not return in a couple of more seconds.

The beast felt utter terror, it had managed to fight back so well and now it was being suppressed and received a massive wound! It quickly began to regenerate as it quickly decided to resume its task of piercing the earth and reaching the depth of the planet to destroy it!

However, Gustav and Kireina reached it quicker, and kicked it away from doing whatever it was about to do!

BOOM!

"GRYYARR…!"

The beast groaned agonizingly as it glared at Gustav and Kireina angrily, its countless eyes fired rays of crimson-red light towards them, but they seemed completely immune as they reflected them with their scales! They rushed towards it once more and began to gang on it, tearing it apart with massive claws and pulverizing it with deadly breath attacks! The beams coming from their countless jaws opened eerily as they began to bathe the creature with deadly explosive attacks!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"GRRYYYEERRGGH…!"

The creature agonizingly screamed in pain, as it tried to escape the damage it was receiving! It seeped its tentacle into the ground and absorbed the energy from the world. Despite being weakened, it was still amazingly strong and had regenerative powers! Abusing them, the creature tanked the hits and groaned angrily at the two, as its power was suddenly enhanced!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 215 - The Last Push


-----

The monstrous tentacle beast began to be ganged over by Gustav and Kireina fused with the other allies, their combat was stupendously brutal, as they completely overwhelmed the monster!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The attacks they ensued were strong and deadly, the beast groaned agonizingly as it tried to run away from them, but Gustav and Kireina's deadly draconic claws grasped them back to them as they continued to overwhelm it with deadly attacks all over its body!

"GRYYARR…!"

The beast groaned agonizingly as it glared at Gustav and Kireina angrily, its countless eyes fired rays of crimson-red light towards them, but they seemed completely immune as they reflected them with their scales! They rushed towards it once more and began to gang on it, tearing it apart with massive claws and pulverizing it with deadly breath attacks! The beams coming from their countless jaws opened eerily as they began to bathe the creature with deadly explosive attacks!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"GRRYYYEERRGGH…!"

The creature agonizingly screamed in pain, as it tried to escape the damage it was receiving! It seeped its tentacle into the ground and absorbed the energy from the world. Despite being weakened, it was still amazingly strong and had regenerative powers! Abusing them, the creature tanked the hits and groaned angrily at the two, as its power was suddenly enhanced!

TRUUUMMM!

"W-What?!"

Gustav felt utterly frustrated as he was not able to completely grasp what it was doing in time! The beast began to consume the power of the planet as Gaia alerted him of this!

The monster suddenly began to break through the power it was being put over, as the deadly energies consuming its power began to slowly weaken, its true power started to emerge as it drained more of the planet's energy!

"GRYAHAHAHAHA!"

The monster even laughed maliciously by discovering such a powerful tool! It could simply drain the power of the planet by merely standing over it and seeping its tentacles a bit into the earth! How wonderful! This was the amazing power that its original body possessed, the ability to drain the energy of the planet!

The monster laughed eerily as it looked over at the monstrous foes before it! The battle of kaiju had suddenly flipped over as their power was being boosted tremendously! The creature laughed maliciously, reaching the two and then beginning to slap them countless of times with its tentacles! Gustav and Kireina resisted, exerting countless skills combined together, the monster barely was pushed back a few kilometers as it continuously rushed back to them viciously!

The pair gritted their teeth as they concentrated their energy, the two quickly communicated with one another their plan, as they separated and surrounded the beast from left and right!

CLASH! CLASH!

The two hit it from left and right, as they exerted a tremendous amount of force and energy and threw the monster into the skies!

BOOOOMMM!!!

"G-GREAARGHH?!"

The monster was left shocked as it was thrown into the skies, its power flickering every single second that passed, the energy it was absorbing dissipated! Gustav used the power of his equipment to drain its energy, boosting his own power, while Kireina cursed it with deadly chaotic magic and other powerful abilities within the dozens making her combination up!

The tentacled beast glared back at two as it suddenly shapeshifted its body, making up a massive maw and loading a large quantity of energy within it, all the energy it had!

It was going for an all-out attack with everything it had left! The monster was about to hit them as Gustav and Kireina combined their power opened a massive deadly and terrifying maw in the middle of their torso, releasing a flashing yellow-gold beam and a purple and dark beam towards the beast's red-colored beam!

BOOOMMM!!!

The three deadly beams clashed against one another as the entire world trembled!

RUMBLE!

The power of these fighters was tremendous, but the tentacled beast was clearly growing weaker with each passing second. It looked back at Gustav and Kireina, as it suddenly decided to cut away a piece of its body and then, grasp their bodies with it as the clash of beams continued!

"W-What?!"

Gustav felt his legs wrapped up by something, as his draconic legs were being wrapped by red flesh and tentacles, and then…!

FLASH!

BOOOOOMMM!!!

The flesh flashed with bright red light and exploded, Gustav felt his entire draconic body tear apart, as his entire legs and torso flew away into pieces!

"Unnngh…! Aaaghhh!!!"

Gustav was completely taken aback; he had used everything he had yet he was defeated by such a tactic he couldn't properly predict!

BOOOMMM!!!

The body of Gustav had completely lost its legs and most of its lower torso and guts, despite that, he was still alive. This was thanks to all his powers combined, alongside the power of the dragon transformation and its outstanding ability of resiliency and stamina.

Nonetheless, he was at death's door! He tried to heal himself but the massive wounds were horrendous, his entire body was leaking his own guts as the pain began to make his entire mind go numb.

"Hahhh…! Aghhh!"

"MASTER!"

Kireina and everyone fused with her cried as they saw Gustav almost about to die!

"Kill it!" cried Gustav, as the tentacled beast laughed maliciously, only for the spear of Gustav to emerge before its body and pierce through it!

CLAAAAASSSSSHH!

"G-GRYYYYAAAAGHH…!"

Kireina and everyone else pushed forward, as they began to tear apart the monstrous being's body, its vitality finally beginning to fade as its last seconds of consciousness were spent agonizing in pain!

"DIEEEEEE!"

The wrath of Gustav's allies roared fiercely into a massive beam coming from its torso's jaw, releasing a deadly flashing beam of purple and black color, pulverizing the last remains of the monstrous being, and leaving a massive crater in the ground!

BOOOOOMMMM!!!

"GRYYYAAGGGGH…!"

As monster faded away, Gustav felt a massive amount of EXP bathe his entire self, as his healing power while leveling up was triggered, even now, he was able to fully heal his HP and MP as long as he leveled up!

He saw as his lower torso slowly began to grow back little by little with each level up, as he fell unconscious…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 216 - A Call From A Mysterious Entity!


-----

Gustav's consciousness faded away as he and his allies managed to defeat the last threat of his planet.

He had received big wounds from the monster attacks, as it detonated part of its body around his lower torso and pretty much blew away half of his body.

Even as a dragon the wounds were massive. If it wasn't because of this transformation's stamina, he would had been gone already.

He leveled up continuously after the battle, and through that, he regained a lot of stamina and health. Each level up healed him a bit more, he felt like his lower half slowly regenerated back as his body slowly reduced its size and he went back to his human body form.

But due to fading unconscious, his mind faded away somewhere else.

He felt like he was going to die.

Although he was healing back, his very soul and mind were breaking and shattering. The attack of the monster, its detonation attack, damaged his soul greatly.

If it wasn't because he had the Heaven Physique and Psyche, he might had died there. Fusing skills saved his life this time…

His consciousness flickered in and out, as it was carried across the membranes of the Universe and the Dimension where he resided.

Across the paths of countless souls, he traveled amongst the infinite cosmos and was greeted by strange sights. What was happening now?

He knew that the other Dimensions were the threat, but his own Dimension was immensely vast.

His consciousness kept traveling amidst the Dimension where he was born, across it, he saw countless membranes, thousands of universes self-contained within membranes of cosmic essence… and as he traveled and kept pursuing deeper and deeper, a glowing sphere of white light greeted his sight.

It was… beautiful.

It glowed with a brightness he had yet to even experience completely, yet it was also so strangely familiar. What was this, truly?

Why did it felt so familiar to his own self all out of the sudden? It was as if his body and soul had a part of it.

He tried to speak to it, but he could not, even if he tried hard.

"Who… are you?" he asked.

"I am the one that provided nourishment and energies to your transformation when you defied the Dimensional Laws of this Dimension, Gustav. I am the Core of your Dimension. Some call me the Dimensional Core." Said the glowing white orb, of such beautiful and glistening brightness that made him go almost insane.

"You… when I fused the skills and that physique and psyche…!"

"Indeed. I've noticed your great efforts. Even though you've saved only a single world, your world, you've saved the entire Dimension. The invasion from other Dimensions began within your world, and you protected and saved it bravely. I thank you with all my soul for what you've done for all the Universes within your Dimension." Said the entity.

"I was doing it just so I could save myself and those I care about; I really didn't thought about the bigger picture. Actually, is this just only one dimension?! Just how many universes does a single dimension have?" asked Gustav.

"Oh, many… But there's no time to speak. Your consciousness is being dragged back to your original world. Gustav, the Ragnarök is just beginning, soon enough, the various Universes across our Dimension will suffer from invasions. As the Guardian of the Earth, I want to ask for your aid… Dimensional Guardian, I will give you this title."

FLASH!

The Dimensional Core covered Gustav's soul as it blessed him with great power.

"Dimensional Guardian?! Wait… hold on!"

"Seek me across the Universes, save the Dimension and grow stronger. I will be waiting for you." Said the Dimensional Core, leaving Gustav with a greater responsibility than he would had wanted…

FLASH!

Gustav flashed away from the scene, as the Dimensional Core remained in silence.

The beautiful and shiny crystal glanced across the multitude of Universes across its Dimension, all of them compressed into massive bubbles where many Universes were contained everywhere, these bubbles were Omniverse Bubbles. Each one containing an enormous amount of universes… and there were many of such bubbles surrounding the Dimensional Core.

"…Gustav, please, hurry up…" sighed the Dimensional Core, as it felt the pressure of a truly abyssal being slowly beginning to devour the very Dimensional Fabric from the entirety of the Dimension…

"Grrr…! I will devour… I will devour you!"

The voice of a monster that got its tentacle cut off could be heard from outside this Dimension. The Dimensional Core knew there was not much time…

And Gustav was perhaps the only hope amidst the many powerful entities that existed in this Dimension.

Gustav opened his eyes as he found himself within the embrace of his loved ones… Kireina and Anna.

"Huh?"

He was resting over his bed, as if everything that happened before was just a bad dream.

"Master, you're finally awake!" Kireina divided herself in three as she rained Gustav with kisses and hugs, and a lot of love.

Anna did the same, missing her beloved master.

"Master… You slept for a whole week…" she sighed.

"E-Eh? That much?!" asked Gustav in disbelief.

"Indeed, you slept for way too long! Honestly, who do you think you are to slack off so much?" asked Kireina while pouting, Katrina glared at him with dead-serious eyes, and Katarina was just the same as Kireina.

"I… sorry." Sighed Gustav.

"No, it is fine. He was greatly wounded, even his soul was very wounded. He required to rest. Don't be like that, Kireina…" sighed Anna, reprimanding Kireina.

"Okay! I guess…" sighed Kireina.

Kireina glared back at Gustav and the trio hugged and kissed him once more.

"What happened? After… we defeated the monster?" asked Gustav.

"Well… it is simple, Gaia helped us go back to your Inner World, and then, we had been waiting for you to recover ever since then… Nothing much than that." Said Anna.

"Gaia did said she wanted to talk with you immediately after you woke up, but let's go take a bath first…" said Kireina.

"Alright…"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 217 - Time To Change Classes


-----

Gustav apparently had slept for a whole week after the incident and decided to take a bath with the girls after finally waking up to feel refreshed. However, through the bath, various lewd things ended happening, and the vicious pair of fusions drained him dry of his energy right after he woke up…

Nonetheless, after that, he was given a big feast, which included a lot of preparations using the meat of this monstrous being, which was highly nutritious when cooked by the flames of the infernal demons that Natasha could conjure.

The meat was still alive even after the creature was defeated, but they had to burn it greatly for it to finally die. Nonetheless, after that, Gustav acquired a great amount of power by simply eating these delicious dishes. It seems that the meat of an otherworldly interdimensional being was quite nutritional.

He continued to devour the meat until he was filled. The taste of the meat was like that of rich seafood. Not just plain octopus, but a combination of octopus, squid, scallops, and perhaps a bit of shrimp. It was incredibly rich.

He sat down as he rested after filling his belly. He felt the dimensional power of this meat nourish his body amazingly…

"Incredible… the meat of that thing is really bosting my power." He said.

"Indeed! It helped everyone recover their energy too." Said Kireina.

"I'm glad you're back, master. How are you feeling now?" asked Ervas.

"Good as new. Although I believe I need a bit of a rest too… Oh well, this is more than enough for now- Ah!"

Gustav suddenly realized that something had happened as he slept. But he had forgotten when he woke up.

However, he quickly remembered, and felt like he had received a greater gift than he could believe.

There was an ever-growing power developing inside of his very soul!

FLASH!

This power had kept his damaged soul together, and even reinforced it.

This was the little blessing of a Dimensional Core, the Dimensional Core of his own very Dimension!

"What is this tremendous power?!" wondered Gustav.

However, he felt like he was not capable of bring it out of him, as if it were stuck there.

He also saw the large quantities of energy, EXP, which required to be used, he had leveled up a lot and could now change Classes, perhaps this was the key to see if he could take out this power from his soul.

"Master? Is everything okay?" wondered Ervas.

"Erm… Yeah. I think I am fine… Well, something happened."

Gustav explained to his summons what he had seen while sleeping, the power that assaulted him on his sleep, and the blessing it granted to him.

"Huh… That's certainly something." Said Kireina.

"Dimensional Core? So that's the true identity of this Dimension? Right… we had not realized that the Dimension where we live itself is also a massive place. Perhaps you could grow stronger by traveling through it!" said Anna.

"Hmm… well, perhaps." Said Gustav. He didn't really felt like going anywhere. After all, he had already done a lot, and wanted to relax for a bit. But it seems that destiny really didn't wanted Gustav to take a break at all.

He decided to finally speak with Gaia after he felt like he had nothing else to do.

Gaia responded to his call rather quickly.

"What happened after the battle? Are things fine out there?" he asked.

"Yes, things are mostly stable for now. I am glad you're back, Guardian." Said Gaia.

"Save yourself the formalities now… I want to tell you a little thing." Said Gustav.

"Hm? What is it?" wondered Gaia.

"I met the Dimensional Core." Said Gustav.

"The Dimensional Core, I see… Huh?! What?! You met the core of this entire dimension?!"

It seems that Gaia knew more about this than Gustav thought.

He explained to her what he saw, and more.

"You were given the title of Dimensional Guardian… Impressive, Gustav! This means you've been recognized by the dimension and-"

"It means there will be even more battles, right?" sighed Gustav.

"O-Oh, yeah, well, yes… And she seemed to be in a hurry too…" said Gaia.

"What a pain, really… Oh well, time to change Classes. After that, we'll try to fit the entire planet here and fly off into the Universe. I don't know where I should go, but somewhere where I can get closer to the Dimensional Core. It asked me to find it after all." Said Gustav.

"So the Dimensional Core asked for your assistance and to meet you… Perhaps this entire dimension as a whole is in danger and not just an area of it such as our world… Perhaps hurrying up wouldn't be a bad idea, indeed." Said Gaia.

"Well I told you…"

Gustav decided to check the new Classes available. Classes were always the way to unlock his truest potential and get even more power out of them, so he knew that he could change into them to bring out the power he has been gifted.

…

[Available Class Options]

[Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God]

[Infernal Dark Abyssal Summoner God]

[Blazing Divine Flames Summoner God]

…

These three new Classes were all about being a Summoner! Well, Gustav always has been a Summoner, so this didn't surprised him as much. He always used his powers through summoning, fusing with the countless spirits he could summon to attain higher levels of power and so on.

He glanced at all three of the Classes, and decided to see their details this time, which had become possible.

…

[Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God]

A special Class given to a Summoner who have comprehended the power of the Heavens themselves and can assimilate them and summon powerful entities that originate from the Heavens themselves. Their power is substantial and incredible, and they exert the divine authority of the four major heavenly elements, Fate, Life, Light, and Law! All four combined can bring forth the special Composite Element, Heaven.

…

"The Heaven… Element?"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 218 - Changing Classes!


-----

Gustav decided to look into his available Classes now that he could change into them, finding out three new Classes.

…

[Available Class Options]

[Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God]

[Infernal Dark Abyssal Summoner God]

[Blazing Divine Flames Summoner God]

…

These three new Classes were all about being a Summoner! Well, Gustav always has been a Summoner, so this didn't surprised him as much. He always used his powers through summoning, fusing with the countless spirits he could summon to attain higher levels of power and so on.

He glanced at all three of the Classes, and decided to see their details this time, which had become possible.

…

[Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God]

A special Class given to a Summoner who have comprehended the power of the Heavens themselves and can assimilate them and summon powerful entities that originate from the Heavens themselves. Their power is substantial and incredible, and they exert the divine authority of the four major heavenly elements, Fate, Life, Light, and Law! All four combined can bring forth the special Composite Element, Heaven.

…

"The Heaven… Element?"

What could the Heaven Element be? Well, it was explicitly said right there that it was a combination between Fate, Life, Light, and Law elements, and it was called a composite element of such elements. Perhaps, it contained the power of all such elements together.

Nonetheless, Gustav didn't let himself get convinced so quickly, and at the very least decided to check the other two Classes and find out what they were about as well.

…

[Infernal Dark Abyssal Summoner God]

A special Class given to a Summoner who have comprehended the power of the Dark Abyss itself, assimilating the endless darkness of the abyss and summoning powerful entities that originate from this deep darkness itself. Their power is substantial and outstanding, and these entities can exert an ultimately evil and dark authority of the four major dark elements, Death, Darkness, Chaos, and Void to combine together into the composite Element of Abyss.

…

Once more, Composite elements were mentioned! This time, Gustav found out it made up the power of the Element of Abyss, a very rare element that combined the power of Death, Darkness, Chaos, and Void… Gustav knew he had been exceeding in the element of Death and Darkness, but he had yet to touch Chaos and Void that much, but out of the sudden he was already offered Abyss itself? Well, the same was for the Heaven element…

…

[Blazing Divine Flames Summoner God]

A special Class given to a Summoner who have comprehended the power of the Blazing Divine Flames themselves, assimilating the searing flames that purify everything and summoning powerful entities that originate from this powerful infernal fire itself. Their power is substantial and incredible, and these entities can exert a burning and divine fiery authority of the three major burning elements, Fire, Light, and Thunder to combine together into the composite Element of Divine Flames.

…

Similarly to the previous two Classes, the last Class also encompassed the strange power of the Composite element, and it was also about summoning through this element.

Gustav felt like he liked all three of them but could only pick one for the moment.

He decided to ultimately pick the Heaven Element Summoning Skill, as he had already seen its power and he was the most familiar with it. Although he had considered the Abyss one to enhance the power of his Undead army and his power as a Necromancer, that could wait until then, for sure

Ding!

[You've exchanged 2.500.000 Gold, 1.800.000 Hero Feathers, 1.400.000 Hero Fragments, and 1.500.000 Skill Points to change Classes into the [Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God] Class!]

[You have changed Classes to [Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Transcendental Heaven Angelic Spirit Summon (SSS)] and [Divine Arc of Heavenly Summons (SSS)] Skills!]

FLASH!

Gustav felt an intense heat buildup on his chest as he changed Classes, his power over the Class itself was enhanced tremendously, his stats shot up into the skies and his two new Skills filled his mind with new information regarding this powerful Class!

However, that was not all, the accumulated EXP of defeating such a being as the tentacled beast quickly came, he had accumulated a large quantity of it!

[Accumulated EXP has been distributed!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 270 to Level 271!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 271 to Level 272!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 272 to Level 273!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 273 to Level 274!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 274 to Level 275!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 275 to Level 276!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 276 to Level 277!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 277 to Level 278!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 278 to Level 279!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 279 to Level 280!]

…

[Your Level has increased from Level 299 to Level 300!]

[You have hit level cap! Your Class has been maxed]

[You can now Change Classes once more]

[All your Stats have increased]

Level 300 just like that!

Indeed, having slain such a powerful beast as that single tentacle was good enough to help Gustav skyrocket his levels to insane degrees…

Now at Level 300, his stats had increased in such a fast pace that his entire body was exuding a powerful aura that twisted space around him. Gustav looked at his own body in awe, this was indeed quite incredible.

He didn't even thought it a second as he looked once more into his available Classes…

…

[Available Class Options]

[Heavenly Golden Rainbow Spear Summoner God]

[Infernal Dark Abyssal Death Summoner God]

[Blazing Divine Holy Flames Summoner God]

…

These three new Classes… didn't they look similar to the previous ones? But now there was a Spear-related one.

"This… Gaia, is there anymore EXP saved up?" wondered Gustav.

"The monster you defeated was originally around four whole realms above you, Gustav, the amount of EXP you acquired is so much you could quite possibly max out another Class right away!" said Gaia.

"Oh…"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 219 - Changing Classes Once More...!


-----

After maxing out his Class to Level 300, Gustav quickly decided to look for his next Class, and found three interesting yet familiar options.

…

[Available Class Options]

[Heavenly Golden Rainbow Spear Summoner God]

[Infernal Dark Abyssal Death Summoner God]

[Blazing Divine Holy Flames Summoner God]

…

These three new Classes… didn't they look similar to the previous ones? But now there was a Spear-related one. The other two had only gained a single word that made them slightly different and perhaps a slight upgrade from their predecessors.

"This… Gaia, is there anymore EXP saved up?" wondered Gustav.

"The monster you defeated was originally around four whole realms above you, Gustav, the amount of EXP you acquired is so much you could quite possibly max out another Class right away!" said Gaia.

"Oh…"

A rush of dopamine encompassed Gustav's brain as he began to feel the fulfillment he could receive by once more leveling up another of these incredibly overpowered Classes to max level in just a second! It felt as if power was just in the palm of his hands, waiting for him by merely wishing it!

The power of the beast he and his companions defeated which he had almost died against was so great compared to him that the EXP he gained was ridiculously high, he had already noticed that all his allies felt oddly strong now, some of his summons, if not all of them, felt even stronger than him when he woke up, now this was perhaps the reason…

He had to quickly catch up with them before things were to get out of control and his two wives were to absolutely dominate him like they did in the bathroom!

And well, he needed power to fulfill his next course of action.

Around Gustav, he glanced as the entirety of the Divine Realm changed, it continued to expand and grow massively big, even the annexed lands were now small continents of their own were massive graveyards expanded endlessly, a large battlefield where anyone could go train and gain EXP passively was also there, and a massive area filled with wilderness and beautiful scenarios where many beasts lived and mated to generate more monster eggs… and to boot, the main land had become perhaps thrice as big now, big enough to startle even Gustav as he used his senses to see everything.

Wasn't it as big as the entire planet Earth now? No, perhaps a bit smaller, but this massive floating island-like continent was already incredibly massive!

Gustav looked into his own System window once more, he had no time to think this through, he quickly decided to select the Class he wanted beforehand, the other two could wait!

Ding!

[You've exchanged 3.000.000 Gold, 2.200.000 Hero Feathers, 1.900.000 Hero Fragments, and 2.000.000 Skill Points to change Classes into the [Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God] Class!]

[You have changed Classes to [Infernal Dark Abyssal Death Summoner God]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Infernal Dark Abyssal Death Undead Summon (SSS)] and [Abyssal Necrotic Wasteland of Death of Infernal Summons (SSS)] Skills!]

FLASH!

Once more, an explosion of power showered Gustav, as his chest exploded with energies everywhere, all the power he had accumulated continued to fluctuate across his entire body, changing and shaping his entire self!

The abyssal knowledge about summoning these truly chaotic and powerful abyssal Undead filled his mind, as his body and soul enhanced their power through the incredible boost to his stats.

But then…!

Ding!

[Accumulated EXP has been distributed!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 300 to Level 301!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 301 to Level 302!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 302 to Level 303!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 303 to Level 304!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 304 to Level 305!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 305 to Level 306!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 306 to Level 307!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 307 to Level 308!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 308 to Level 309!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 309 to Level 310!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 310 to Level 311!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 311 to Level 312!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 312 to Level 313!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 313 to Level 314!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 314 to Level 315!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 315 to Level 316!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 316 to Level 317!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 317 to Level 318!]

[Your Level has increased from Level 318 to Level 319!]

…

[Your Level has increased from Level 329 to Level 330!]

[You have hit level cap! Your Class has been maxed]

[You can now Change Classes once more]

[All your Stats have increased]

And now, he was Level 330!

This was ridiculous!

FLASH!

Gustav looked everywhere amidst his Divine Realm as he started to see massive streams of white and dark energy streaming everywhere within his Divine Realm, the size of his entire place suddenly increased exponentially once more, as he suddenly saw a massive monolith erect in the middle of the Divine Realm, glistening with a brilliant light!

Just what was this now?!

Ding!

[Your System has reached the requirements; Essence Absorption has been completed]

[System has increased into Rank 4, you acquired the new System Functions [Dao Monolith], [Law Comprehension Hall], and [Dao Nourishing Elixir Spring]!]

"Dao Monolith?!"

Gustav looked above the skies, the massive monolith that had emerged from the ground itself seemed to be this System Function itself!

And then, without a single other thought, he quickly decided to change Classes once more, perhaps the last time he would do in a long time before assessing any of this insanity!

…

[Available Class Options]

[Supreme Summoner God]

…

There was… only one Class!

And this Class… Such a strange name.

It was so simple yet so mystical.

"Supreme… Summoner God?"

"It is as I thought… the energies you accumulated from all of this has helped you jump several Existence Realms, Gustav… Take this Class and become a Supreme God!" said Gaia.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 220 - Supreme Summoner God!


-----

Gustav was finally offered the ultimate Class, the one that would crown him as a being above Gods, Great Gods, and so on! A Supreme God!

Apparently, the levels of essence he acquired by destroying the tentacle monster with the aid of his allies was immense, to the point that the full assimilation of it would cause him to ascend several Realms in one shot through leveling up.

This way, after only two Classes, he was already at Supreme God stage, and by taking this one single Class that emerged, he would become a true Supreme God in all of its rights!

By taking this Class he would be taking the crown as a Supreme God, and his power would increase once more to exponential levels… Just how many powerups can this man have? But well, after all the hardships he went through, it doesn't seem so undeserved, especially seeing how he almost died after the last boss…

Now, he was given the chance to grow stronger exponentially. Deep down, Gustav didn't wanted to go through the same thing again. He knew of the dangers of this Universe and perhaps of the many other Dimensions out there. He couldn't possibly sit down and relax. He had to take this power and use it to grow stronger.

Since his entire life that he had lived alone, he never found someone to love nor he was ever given love on his life, now that he had people at his side which loved him dearly, he wanted strength to protect them and keep fighting, and to not worry them as he did before…

He had two wives he had to take care of and had a baby coming soon from both of them. He knew they were just summons, but they were not just summons from him anymore, after all he went through with them, he couldn't possibly see them as beings born from his System but as living and real beings that had been supporting his entire life up until this point. He couldn't possibly let them see him die…

He had two children waiting for him in the future, and he was excited to see them… he had to take this Class and forge his path ahead bravely. To move forward with everything he had and fiercely push through the challenges ahead.

And for that, he needed something very important…

Strength!

Gustav recalled how powerless he once was. How timid and silent he used to be, how weak and pathetic he thought of himself back then. A man that was never raised by anyone other than caretakers in the orphanage. He was part of the unfortunate kids that never got adopted, that grew up inside of that hellhole and merely walked out of it when he reached adulthood, with never anyone with him.

Experience such extreme solitude, it was normal for a person such as him to be cold and shy while showing his feelings, and even now, he still had difficulties being too overly expressive with romantic things. But his two wives born from his Summoning power understood very well how he thought of it. And were more than willing to accept his flaws as they were created for such a purpose.

Perhaps other people might had deeper feelings or deeper desires to care for someone to this extent, but their very purpose was to take care of him and fight at his side. Even if it merely seemed unrealistic in the normal standpoints, they were beings born from a very unrealistic power in an even more unrealistic setting at the end…

The thing is, he knew that they genuinely loved him and that they were alive, here, and with him, he knew it very well. Due to this, he wanted to grow stronger and take into this opportunity.

He really wanted to relax and take life more carefreely, but the annoying Ragnarök wasn't going to end itself nor his enemies were going to leisurely sit here and wait for him to have his rest and then fight against him… he had to hurry, even if he didn't wanted to.

This feeling of urgency grew deeper as two children were soon to be born, so he had to be very strong to meet his kids!

Ding!

Ding!

[You've exchanged 3.500.000 Gold, 2.700.000 Hero Feathers, 2.400.000 Hero Fragments, and 2.500.000 Skill Points to change Classes into the [Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God] Class!]

[You have changed Classes to [Supreme Summoner God]!]

[All your stats have increased!]

[You learned the [Supreme Summoning (SSS)] and [Supreme Summoner God's Domain (SSS)] Skills!]

FLASH!

Gustav once more felt a powerful rush of energies and power reach him, as he began to absorb the entirety of this Class power, his eyes flashed with bright yellow-gold light, as his body was covered in white light.

An explosion of white light covered his entire Divine Realm, as all his summons felt their connection with Gustav strengthen tremendously!

FLASH!

And as this happened, something truly wondrous emerged within the Dao Monolith, as the energies within Gustav gathered together into a flashings sparkling light gathered and materialized into a large sphere of light, a beautiful sphere never ever seen before by him…

As Gustav felt that his energies were finally refined and absorbed, he glanced at the beautiful and wondrous sphere reach him in an instant, this was… a Dao!

It was a powerful mass of power, a concept, a path! It was made out of the fusion of comprehensions of Elemental Laws, with four as a minimum.

This Dao was created automatically as Gustav took this Class, and it was rather obvious that this path, the path he has been walking ever since he acquired the Supreme Summoner System, was going to be Summoning!

This Dao was the Dao of Summoning!

FLASH!

The electrifying power of the Dao of Summoning reverberated across the surroundings, as it flew into Gustav's chest and merged into his soul's deepest part, his Origin Core.

FLASH!

It quickly merged into it, fully being comprehended and assimilated in seconds!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 221 - Amazing New Power


-----

Gustav had acquired the Dao of Summoning, which flashed with tremendously bright white light across his body and soul, fusing with him and filling him with incredible power and beauty!

FLASSSSHH!

The sound of its light flashing across his soul made him almost feel a bit of euphoria…

"T-This power…"

He slowly calmed down, as he sat cross legged, and meditated.

His energies fluctuated normally, but now, instead of the small streams of energy, there were immense ones flashing everywhere across his divine realm/inner world.

It felt as if his whole scale as an existence has increased exponentially. He was no longer a small demigod, but he had stepped into the path of Supreme Gods…

Supreme Gods were the pinnacle that Gods had, they started from Living Deity, Demigod, God, Great God, and then Supreme Gods! Supreme God was the Realm necessary for a living being to surpass the Chaotic Membrane that coated large worlds enclosed worlds within Spatial Areas, so they could travel across Outer Space and know the rest of the wondrous Universe!

And Supreme Gods had massive divine realms and also Dao Monoliths where they could create their own Daos! Of course, the powerful Dao of Summoning would had taken way longer to emerge, but this wasn't the case for a being such as Gustav, whose power and talents were more than he believed!

"Now… This… should be enough… Sigh…"

Gustav rested over the grass, as he sighed in relief. Feeling revitalized but at the same time tired. It was a strange feeling.

He lazily decided to look at his Status after so long.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race(s): [Abyssal Blood Vampire], [Transcendent Heaven Embryo]

[Elements: [All]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood], [Divinity of Heavens], [Divinity of Abyss]

[Daos: [Grand Dao of Summoning: 100% (Fully Assimilated)]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [250]

[Gold: [12.000.000]

[Hero Feathers: [7.000.000]

[Hero Fragments: [6.000.000]

[Skill Points: [6.000.000]

[Job: [Supreme Summoner God]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod], [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod], [Heaven Transcendental Demigod], [Transcendental Heaven Buddha Demigod], [Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God], [Infernal Dark Abyssal Death Summoner God]

[Existence Rank: [Supreme God: Rank 1/9 (Initial Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: Supreme Heavenly Divine Spiritual Beast Realm (Initial Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Infernal Core Rank: [Heavenly White Infernal Essence Realm (Initial Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Soul Cultivation: [Supreme Divine Primeval Soul Land Realm (Initial Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[System Rank: [Rank 4]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management], [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], [Mana Creation Factory], [Dao Monolith], [Law Comprehension Hall], [Dao Nourishing Elixir Spring]

[Level: [330/360]

[Vitality: [120.000.000.000/120.000.000.000]

[Mana: [200.000.000.000/200.000.000.000]

[Strength: [70.000.000.000]

[Magic: [120.000.000.000]

[Dexterity: [90.000.000.000]

[Attribute Particles]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 200.000], [Fire: 200.000], [Water: 200.000], [Wind: 200.000], [Space: 200.000], [Time: 200.000], [Life: 300.000], [Death: 400.000], [Dark: 200.000], [Light: 500.000]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 200.000], [Dream/Nightmare: 200.000], [Phantom: 200.000], [Blood: 400.000], [Poison: 200.000], [Soul: 500.000], [Nature: 300.000], [Thunder: 200.000], [Ice: 200.000], [War/Strength: 200.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 400.000], [Fate: 400.000], [Void: 200.000], [Law: 400.000], [System: 200.000]

[Composite Attributes: [Heaven: 100.000], [Abyss: 50.000], [Beast: 50.000], [Demon: 50.000], [Inferno: 50.000], [Spirit: 50.000], [World: 20.000]

[Comprehended Laws]

[Basic Laws: [Earth: 50%], [Fire: 50%], [Water: 50%], [Wind: 50%], [Space: 50%], [Time: 50%], [Life: 50%], [Death: 50%], [Dark: 50%], [Light: 50%]

[Diverged Laws: [Illusion/Emotions: 50%], [Dream/Nightmare: 50%], [Phantom: 50%], [Blood: 50%], [Poison: 50%], [Soul: 50%], [Nature: 50%], [Thunder: 50%], [Ice: 50%], [War/Strength: 50%]

[Greater Laws: [Chaos: 50%], [Fate: 50%], [Void: 50%], [Law: 50%], [System: 50%]

[Supreme Laws: [Heaven: 30%], [Abyss: 20%], [Beast: 20%], [Demon: 20%], [Inferno: 20%], [Spirit: 20%], [World: 10%]

…

As Gustav looked at his own Status, he was surprised by several things. First of all, his Stats! They were all billions now! The immense jump across Realms made his Stats skyrocket to completely insane levels in an instant! Billions of Mana, Strength, and more! His Stat growth per level still showed but was not made invisible and he had to will it to see it. His level Growth was of billions per level too… jumping billions in stats just by leveling up once! What kind of insane power did Supreme Gods had?!

And then there were his Attribute Particles! He had gained hundreds of thousands! A minimum of 200k were in every Attribute Particle, and new Attribute Particles had also showed up too, the Composite Attribute Particles, mysterious Attributes which were made of a large combination of even greater attributes merged together. For these Attributes of amazing power, he only had very little attribute particles, but these attributes by themselves were already incredibly powerful compared to the previous ones…

And once more, there was something new which he had heard of a concept from way before… the power of Laws! Elemental Laws were the laws that made up the elements of the Universe, by comprehending them, Gustav could comprehend the fabric of existence bit by bit! his mind flashed with many thoughts, many inspirations, and many other things, and this was all thanks to his wide comprehension to Elemental Laws! All of them were 50%, although the special Supreme Laws, which even included Unique Laws from other Dimensions made of Composite Elements were of a lower comprehension due to their greater complexity compared to the others.

But even with 50%, he was already able to make a Dao, this could only show how much of a genius Gustav truly was… And now that he had gotten this far, he couldn't help but feel satisfied for the moment…

"Hahh… It is done-"

"S-Sorry to interrupt you, Gustav, but now that you got the power, I recommend you assimilate Earth into your Inner World! There's enough leftover space for it to fit in!" said Gustav.

"Oh, right…"

Gustav still had yet to do something very important…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 222 - It Is Done...


------

As Gustav finished squeezing every last drop of energy on him, he sighed on relief, resting over the grass as he saw the massive Inner World Develop even more, growing bigger and more massive than ever before…

"Hahh… It is done-"

"S-Sorry to interrupt you, Gustav, but now that you got the power, I recommend you assimilate Earth into your Inner World! There's enough leftover space for it to fit in!" said Gustav.

"Oh, right…"

Gustav still had yet to do something very important…

Save Earth!

He had indeed saved it already, he had done more than enough, in fact, but this wasn't enough for the great scheme of things! Earth would inevitably suffer yet another invasion. The fractures in space that let other dimensions breach with one another were not gone, Gaia had merely patched them temporarily, but like any patch, something from the other side could push forward and break it easily.

Especially because Gustav knew that the ability to break space wasn't that uncommon, the Celestial King himself possessed a Divine Weapon capable of shattering the walls of space themselves… and the thing is, he wasn't even the strongest, he was just an ant compared to the beings of his original world.

Due to this easy to make conclusion, it was fairly easy to realize that there could be more frightening beings capable of breaking space and completely shattering the space walls that Gaia made with tremendous efforts.

Now that Gustav had slain the tentacle, the last invader as of now, Earth had no longer any annoyance for the time being, and a seemingly era of peace had emerged, but this would only last a few months at most, as more invaders would soon come for his head to avenge all those Gustav has killed.

Due to this, he and Gaia had decided to simply put… run away.

He was not going to hold on with Earth until his inevitable demise. If Gustav wanted to grow stronger, he had to keep moving and going everywhere he could.

Stopping in a single place would only lead to his inevitable demise. He had to keep moving and training anywhere he went, absorbing power from fights, or special areas across the Universe and beyond that.

Due to this, adding the planet Earth into his Inner World/Divine Realm was the way of doing it, saving it from its inevitable invasion by merely bringing it with him!

"Now… Let's get to it."

Gustav opened a portal outside, as he flew alone across space.

"To do it, you must go to outer space, Gustav… Can you do it?" asked Gaia.

"Of course I can, leave it to me." Said Gustav, confident and reassured, he flew into the skies and coated himself with his divinity aura, forming a suit over his body.

The vacuum of space didn't affected him at all, despite him having closed his eyes and mouth due to the fear he had over it is affecting him somehow.

It seems that things were fine! He had reached outer space in just a few seconds of flight, resembling a flashing star across the skies.

Gustav looked around himself, finding pure cosmic beauty. Stars everywhere, a wide moon, and a faraway sun.

To the left and right, he could see the planets orbiting the entire solar system. How? Well, it was thanks to his Heavenly Body and the powerful senses he gained from it, which granted him the ability to see through such things rather easily! He was able to expand his senses and detect things that were incredibly far away from his grasp.

He wondered if he should pick these planets, but it was better to leave things as they were, the planet Earth was the most precious for now.

However, he still wondered if things would be fine on it as it were to now emerge in his Divine Realm. It might end up falling like a massive ball and kill everyone inside… he had to do something.

"How… do I do this?" he asked to Gaia.

"I will help you, of course. I've already calculated how to do it, my body will be left in a perpetual floating space within your divine realm, and the heat of the sun and the moon of the night will be given by your divine realm itself, although things might change drastically in climate, the entire planet as a whole should remain stable." Said Gaia.

"I see. Let's get to it then." Said Gustav, as he began to exert tremendous quantities of divine energy, billions, in fact, concentrated into the power of his Telekinesis Skill, which was also combined with Gaia's power, moving the entire planet Earth across space!

TRUUUMMM…!

The massive planet created vibrations across space that made everything tremble a bit, but Gustav slowly moved it with incredibly dexterity and the aid of Gaia in the process, billions of divine energy were being spent in mere seconds, as he gritted his teeth over the difficulty of such a task.

Using Gaia's help, he opened the most massive portal to his Inner World he ever thought possible, fitting an entire planet inside!

"Unngh…!"

Gustav felt the pressure of the entire planet as it arrived in the skies of his Inner World, floating in the middle of the entire skies, it resembled a massive blue star for all those that inhabited the Main Land Continent…

"Hahhh…"

Gustav sighed in relief, his Mana had done down tremendously already, and he was barely hanging in a few dozen of million, he really had thought he wouldn't make it in time, and something would had happened.

He saw the entire planet itself floating in the middle of the skies, calm and as if nothing had happened.

It was a strange sight to see an entire planet within a place that wasn't outer space, as if it were within pure skies.

Gustav looked at the scene with his mind filled with fulfillment, he felt happy over it, and relieved.

"I-It is done, right?" he sighed, as Gaia suddenly emerged once more at his side like a tiny planet made of holograms.

"Indeed! Thank you so much, Gustav! Y-You've done so much for the entire planet… I am eternally grateful for you." Said Gustav.

"Don't worry, that's what I felt I had to do, nothing more." Said Gustav.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 223 - Time To Relax And Take It Easy


-----

But now that Gustav finally saved Earth… what else was next?

"Master, well done! Y-You really just brough the entire planet inside!" said Kireina, congratulating Gustav with a tight hug with her slender and strong arms, he was pressed down into her massive breasts, as he felt her warmth in all her splendor.

"I-Indeed… Even for us who have a lot of faith in your strength… This is indeed shocking." Said Anna, waving her fluffy squirrel tail around, as she also hugged Gustav and pressed her chest over his entire face and torso. Mind you, both girls were almost three meter tall, and were sandwiching him with their chests… the immense amount of pressure could burst a watermelon easily, but Gustav was silent, he seemed to be enjoying the love of his wives.

"It was very hard… Hahh… Reward me more." He sighed in relief, acting a bit cocky as his two wives smiled mischievously and coquettishly, hugging him more and bathing his face with kisses.

"…"

For a moment, Gustav just wanted to stay here and think about anything else than this, to be with his wives and just be happy. He was even in the middle of the skies away from any landmass, so there wouldn't be anyone to bother him, but Gaia was there staring silently.

"A-Ah! Right… S-Sorry… What should we do now?" wondered Gustav, as Gaia looked at him with a tired expression. She knew he liked to be pampered by his lovers, but there were still things he had to do!

"Well, for starters, we should get out of here. Despite having already brought Earth back, the space around there is still dangerous! The space itself might crack any moment and you'll end up being chased by the forces of these invaders!" said Gaia.

"I see, that does indeed sounds dangerous… So we have to get out, huh?" wondered Gustav, he was still a bit tired.

"Gaia, can't darling wait a bit? He's so tired… he needs some more pampering!" said Kireina while pouting at the planet's will.

"I agree that we are in a dire situation, but isn't this place time dilated from the one outside? At the very least, give him a day or two before he can fully recover. The levels of Mana he has had also gone down a lot." said Anna.

"Indeed. And have you thought about where we will go now, planet? Do you think we have a trajectory now? We are all here together, Gustav is not the only one in the team!" said Kireina.

"That's right, we are here to know more about the plans, so we can support our husband better." Said Anna.

"O-Of course! I-I am not excluding you girls from the situation or anything… I…" muttered Gaia, feeling a bit overwhelmed.

"And we have noticed you're growing more and more closer to him…" said Kireina.

"That's right…" said Anna.

"H-Huh? T-That's… I-It's not what you think it is! I am a mere planet, I cannot possibly… think about such thins with a human!" said Gaia.

"Think about… what things?" asked Kireina as she raised an eyebrow.

"We didn't implied anything, you told us just now." Said Anna.

"Agh…! I mean… I… I didn't… Hahaha- Anyways! You're right! He should rest a bit, no hurry!" said Gaia while nodding.

Gustav was looking at her curiously as Gaia quickly disappeared.

"What were you girls implying?" he wondered.

"It is a bit obvious dear, but Gaia got the hots for you." Said Kireina.

"The what?" asked Gustav.

"Well… She likes you more than just as her guardian. Your bravery and commitment might had struck the planet's weak spot and she might had fallen in love with you. Due to that, she wants you for herself, so usually, she likes to keep you busy." Said Anna.

"You girls have an amazing perception; I really couldn't tell. I mean, she's just a hologram, right? Her real body is a massive planet down there… I can't possible get with something like that, right?" wondered Gustav.

"Well, Master… Obviously. But still… there's a possibility she could pull out something weird… well, for now, how about we go relax? I'll massage your foot and make you feel good, dearie." Said Kireina.

"R-Really?" asked Gustav.

"And I can also massage your body, and then, we can got to the bath and relax with a warm bath… and after that… a lot of… napping. We can sleep together sandwiched, like you love it." said Anna.

"Ahhh… You girls are the best." Said Gustav, he smiled like a child who has given the thing he loved the most.

He flew back home, the beautiful continent of his divine realm greeted his sight, it all had beautifully expanded greatly, to the point where it all looked almost completely different than before.

He reached his large home, which was once a stolen cabin but now was as big as a manor and entered inside, with his two girls, he spent a day of relaxation as he slowly recovered his Mana.

After a warm bath, he indeed slept right away, he felt too exhausted, and needed to sleep a long time to feel refreshed for all the new challenges to come in the future.

Kireina and Anna hugged him from both sides, and with their warm and motherly love, he couldn't feel better that day, and well night.

Meanwhile, Gaia, who was within the planet Earth's Core, began to check the planet.

Suddenly, something she didn't expect began to happen… the streams of divine energy within the divine realm of Gustav started to bathe the entire world, nourishing all the wastelands and areas where everything ended terribly, even her core absorbed the energies greatly, and began to heal a lot! She felt refreshed and revitalized, and this energy also carried rich properties of various elements.

Forest and nature once more began to slowly flourish everywhere, and she felt at peace, for once since everything began…

"Hahh… Maybe I should take their advice and take things easy… It has been a while since I took a nice and relaxing nap." She sighed.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 224 - New And Overpowered Skills


-----

It has been two days since everything happened inside of Gustav's divine realm. He was already growing more calmer, and his exhaustion was fading away, but now he had to do something he had forgotten to do these last days as he indulged into living lazily with his family while being pampered with tasty meals made by his wives and cuddles with them in bed.

And that was… checking his new Skills! He had actually gotten a bunch but completely forgot to check them…

He sighed in relief that he could simply relax in bed while doing so, as Anna and Kireina were sleeping at each of his sides. As the babies in their bellies developed rapidly, the two had gotten rather tired, more tired than usual, so they would usually sleep way more than before, which actually wasn't a necessity before to begin with.

A theory that Gaia had was that because their children was not a pure ethereal entity as it had also part of Gustav's seed within, they had become half physical beings as well just like their children, at least for the remaining of their pregnancy, as their lives were connected to these babies.

This question actually made Gustav wonder if he could make his allies into Summons, or at least pseudo summons, which could allow them to revive as long as Gustav was alive through the usage of mana! But could that truly be possible? For now, he just looked over his new list of Skills, there were many…

…

[Transcendental Heaven Angelic Spirit Summon (SSS)]

Grants the ability to summon the powerful and Angelic beings from the Heavens, a powerful Heaven-type Summon beings who come in all shapes and sizes from all sorts of angelic description accumulated within the Root of Humanity's History.

Each Heaven Angelic Spirit comes with great amount of power which are one Existence Realm below their Summoner, bringing forth an incredible amount of power but also a large quantity of divine energy required to fight. Their divine power and the ability to wield Heaven Attribute is also enhanced even further as they can share all Heaven-attribute Skills the user possess and use them in battle.

For every Summon within the battlefield, Heaven Angelic Spirits receive a +1% boost to all their Stats, with no maximum stack. Additionally, they're capable of fusing with an ally up to 10 times to stack up power over them, enhancing an ally's power to greater levels, increasing their stats by +100% with every stacked Summon. They can also stack with other summons inside a target, and give even greater power boost.

…

This first Skill was absolutely phenomenal as it brought Gustav the power of a new class of Summons that had the power of One Existence Realm below him! meaning that if he was a Supreme God, these spammable summons would be at least Great God in power… an entire army of such frighteningly powerful beings was insane to think about, even more now that he considered they could share his Heaven-attribute Skills, which include things such as Buddha's Palm, and more! He just had to summon them, and they could wipe out the trash for him with ease…

…

[Divine Arc of Heavenly Summons (SSS)]

Gather the power of the heavens and summon a massive one-kilometer big Divine Arc that expands as an incredibly wide Domain around a specific area you select or stick it to a target summon you've summoned previously. This powerful Arc creates a series of wonderful effects around all allies, while doubling its effects on Heaven-type Summons.

When created, the Divine Arc of Heavenly Summons increase the power of all allies within it greatly, enhancing all their stats by +1% with every ally there is within the Arc, with no limits. Additionally, all allies within the Arc receive a constant healing of their vitality and their energies recover quickly as well. Meanwhile, all their Skills are boosted and deal +200% more damage. Meanwhile, all defenses against all elements are enhanced by +1% with every ally there is within the Arc. When the Arc is created, Heavenly Summons that are summoned within the arc cost 80% less Mana to summon. The arc increases in range by 10 meter with every ally within the Arc.

…

This other Skill was just as wondrous, it brought an even greater power to Gustav as he could create something of a Domain that could either be set in a place or "stick" to a moving ally to become the center of this arc. As long as they were within the arc, they received insane boosts to their power based in how many allies were battling within such a wide area! But that wasn't the best part, the best part was that he receives a discount in Mana of 80% if he summoned these heavenly summons within the arc! Well, even with such bonus, they were still costlier than all his other summons… but this was great, nonetheless.

…

[Infernal Dark Abyssal Death Undead Summon (SSS)]

Grants the ability to summon the powerful and Abyssal beings from the Infernal Abyss, a powerful Abyss-type Summon beings who come in all shapes and sizes from all sorts of demonic description accumulated within the Root of Humanity's History.

Each Infernal Abyssal Spirit comes with great amount of power which are one Existence Realm below their Summoner, bringing forth an incredible amount of power but also a large quantity of divine energy required to fight. Their divine power and the ability to wield Inferno and Abyss Attribute is also enhanced even further as they can share all Inferno and Abyss-attribute Skills the user possess and use them in battle.

For every Summon within the battlefield, Infernal Abyssal Spirits receive a +1% boost to all their Stats, with no maximum stack. Additionally, they're capable of fusing with an ally up to 10 times to stack up power over them, enhancing an ally's power to greater levels, increasing their stats by +100% with every stacked Summon. They can also stack with other summons inside a target and give even greater power boost.

…

This was already an amazing skill despite how similar it was to the previous one, giving Gustav the ability to expand his elemental coverage even more!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 225 - Supreme Summoning


-----

Gustav continued to check his Skills as he there were three more to check before he were to fully comprehend the amazing power they held…

…

[Abyssal Necrotic Wasteland of Death of Infernal Summons (SSS)]

Gather the power of the Infernal Abyss and summon a massive one-kilometer big Wasteland of Death that expands as an incredibly wide Domain around a specific area you select or stick it to a target summon you've summoned previously. This powerful wasteland creates a series of wonderful effects around all allies, while doubling its effects on Inferno or Abyss-type Summons.

When created, the Necrotic Wasteland of Death increase the power of all allies within it greatly, enhancing all their stats by +1% with every ally there is within the Wasteland, with no limits. Additionally, all allies within the Wasteland receive a constant healing of their vitality and their energies recover quickly as well. Meanwhile, all their Skills are boosted and deal +200% more damage. Meanwhile, all defenses against all elements are enhanced by +1% with every ally there is within the Wasteland. When the Wasteland is created, Inferno and abyssal Summons that are summoned within the Wasteland cost 80% less Mana to summon. The Wasteland increases in range by 10 meter with every ally within the Wasteland.

…

Yet another similar Skill than the previous one emerged. It was rather apparent as of now, but these two Skills were mirrors of one another but on a different Element, however, the best thing was that despite being different elements, they didn't disrupted one another and could easily be summoned at the side of the other and even fuse their Domains together for them to receive even greater effects, which did stack together!

He had to merely keep summoning more and more, and he would simply become unstoppable and invincible, how easy! …Well, not really. There is always a bigger fish, as they say. But for now, this was more than enough to adjust to Gustav's level of power.

Or so he thought, as there were two more Skills which were waiting for him to check their wondrous effects and capabilities.

…

[Supreme Summoning (SSS)]

You're a Supreme God of Summoning and therefore, your Summoning is already of the Supreme Category. Your power over Summoning has transcended Common Sense, giving you the ability to not just Summon Spirits or Summoned beings but… expand this power to even greater areas.

This Skill grants the power to the Summoner to Summon! Indeed, it is just as simply as being ablet to use Summon for anything without restrictions.

This Skill grants the user several abilities, such as being able to Summon any ally the user deems as one, even if they're not Summons, anywhere he wants! At his side, or even in an entirely different area that the user had previously visited or that he had previously seen and saved in his memories.

The user can naturally do the same with himself, being able to summon his own self anywhere he had ever been or seen before, without any restrictions in this regard.

Enemies can also be summoned somewhere else, but the user requires to physical touch them with his hands, and even then, if the enemy is strong enough, it is also capable of escaping the user's Summoning power.

The user can also Summon places to his side in an instant, any place he had been and had become part of his [Territory] through [Conquest] of such land which the System recognizes can be summoned anywhere the user desires.

Also, any items can easily be summoned even if they're not in the Inventory, as long as the user possess them.

There are many other ways of using this power of Supreme Summoning, but the user must find such powers himself as he grows stronger…

…

"This… What...?!"

Gustav was left speechless. The skill that sounded rather plain ended being an incredible one at that! It granted Gustav an insane amount of powerful effects to do all kinds of insane things! He could summon himself in battle and even use this power to teleport anywhere he wanted, or well, that he had ever seen or been. Now he wished he could had checked his Skills beforehand as this could had helped him on summoning the entire planet inside his Divine Realm.

And actually, now that he had yet to leave… Wouldn't it make sense if he grabbed the entirety of the Solar System with himself? Yeah! Why couldn't he just do that?

However, there was another mysterious Skill he had yet to see…

…

[Supreme Summoner God's Domain (SSS)]

Create the Supreme Domain of the Summoner within any place you desire, your own God's Domain where your power and the power of all allies and summons is increased and given a series of bonuses.

This Domain can be only created once anywhere the user desires and will maintain itself fixated in that place no matter what, without any way for it to be destroyed. The Domain can also be dispelled to be created somewhere else, and the user only requires having seen or been in such a place.

The Domain's size is of only 5 kilometers, which expand by 10 meters with every single ally within it.

Within the Domain, the user and all allies receive several effects, such as an increase in the power of their Existence Realm by an entire Realm, increases the Rarity of All Skills and Abilities by two Grades, enhance their Levels by 100, and Body and Soul Regeneration is multiplied by 100.

On top of that, all Stats are enhanced by +1% with every ally within this Domain, and defenses to all Elemental Laws and Daos is enhanced by +1% with every ally within this Domain.

Within this Domain, allies that are not Summons gain the ability of summons and cannot die as long as the user remains alive, being able to constantly revive through summoning and spending large quantities of Mana.

The power to use Summon-type Skills can be given to a group of selected 5 allies which the user can choose and switch freely…

All Summons and the user receive double the effects of this Skill.

…

"…"

Gustav was left speechless!

-----



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 226 - Visiting Mars


-----

Gustav was left speechless! The powers he had acquired was amazing in every way possible. This was the true power of a Supreme Summoner God!

The concept of summoning was not only just the ability to bring forth allies to battle, but to completely shift the concept of Summoning to all things, even to the point of using it to teleport himself around!

"This is insane… D-Does it work?"

Gustav quickly decided to summon himself outside his house.

FLASH!

Suddenly, his sight change in a second, as he emerged outside of his house, emerging from a magic circle in the ground that dissipated quickly after.

It really… worked!

"What…?! It actually worked… I summoned myself." Thought Gustav in shock, as he checked his own body and saw that everything was indeed in order.

The power of Supreme Summoning was indeed supreme! The ability to summon himself to battle was just like teleportation. As long as he could map large areas around the Universe or even Dimensions, he could instantly get there without any issues! It was even better than normal teleportation, in fact.

"Now, what should I do?" wondered Gustav, as several thoughts flashed on his mind, he suddenly realized that this power still costed Mana, but an interesting idea emerged on his mind.

"Gaia, are you there?" he asked.

"Huh? Yes?"

Gaia, who had been sleeping lately, answered Gustav's call right away.

"Do you think there is enough space here to bring the entire Solar System to my Inner World?" wondered Gustav.

"…W-What?!"

"I acquired a new ability named Supreme Summoning, and well…"

Gustav explained to Gaia what Supreme Summoning was, and she felt rather shocked. Nonetheless, she saw that he was right, it could be abused to even bring forth entire planets inside his Inner World by merely summoning them inside!

"T-This… Yes, it could be possible. In fact, it is a realistic thing you could actually do! But I don't know… This feels wrong… Let's see… Well, the space inside your Inner World had become massive, there is enough space for several times the sun all around, so… y-you could really bring many planets." Said Gaia.

"Excellent, let's just do that then." Said Gustav.

"G-Gustav?! Are you for real?" asked Gaia.

"Yes. I wouldn't feel good to leave aside all these planets that humanity has always seen in their skies as their stars after all, our cosmic companions… And don't tell me you don't feel bad for leaving them aside?" asked Gustav.

"Well… they're not sentient planets, so I cannot really… miss them." Said Gaia.

"I think you're lying there. You've lived eons here, with all of them around you, the sun warming you up, the other planets surrounding you, Jupiter and Saturn shielding you from asteroids and meteorites… Don't you feel some attachment to these giants?" asked Gustav.

"…Well, maybe…" sighed Gaia.

"Then let's bring them inside! I bet you miss them anyways. We can also do experiments to them and infuse mana into them, perhaps we could form cores inside of them with enough mana, and then they'll gain consciousness and become strong allies." He said.

"T-That's… a very good idea. Ugh, fine! Do whatever you want, its your own place after all!" said Gaia.

"Nice."

Gustav smiled rather greedily, as he Summoned himself in outer space!

The vacuum of space was a bit annoying, but even as he was now without any protection, he simply had to hold his breath.

He flew across the cold of space and reached the nearest thing he had in a few seconds, Mars!

"Huh, I wonder if Mars really life on it had." thought Gustav, as he flew around it and then expanded his senses all inside the planet.

And then he felt something.

"Wait, what the heck?!"

He flew down below into the underground, piercing through layers and layers of rock, until he suddenly reached… an enormous metropolis!

"Unbelievable…"

He entered the metropolis while coating himself in Stealth-type skills, as he found several green-colored aliens living in here, they had a whole city in here!

He continued to sense life all around the planet. But all life had moved underground, perhaps due to the dryness and the hot temperatures of the surface.

"T-This… how do I deal with this?" he began to wonder.

"Ah, I just have to be straightforward." He considered, as he decided to create a space suit using his own Mana, shaping it and materializing it into a glistening semi-transparent suit which generated Oxygen through wind-attribute magic.

He reached the massive metropolis walls, as he gently knocked the door.

"Hello?"

Knock, knock.

There were several security cameras looking at him, the aliens of mars, the Martians, were… completely dumbfounded!

"W-Who is this being?"

"He's incredibly strange! Those little eyes… they feel odd!"

"What a creepy creature."

"Wait a second, that thing just spoke some language?!"

"Idiots! T-That's… a human!"

"HUMAN?!"

All the Martians then began an emergency meeting with the leaders of this metropolis, as Gustav felt tired of waiting.

"Can you guys let me move your planet to my divine realm? Ah, why am I even bothering? I will tell them later when I get it inside."

Gustav quickly summoned himself outside the planet, as the Martians were left even more confused.

He suddenly pointed his hand at the planet, as many magic circles emerged all around it!

"Supreme Summoning!"

FLASH!

An in a second, the entire planet was gone! The entire thing cost him around 20 billion Mana, but it was worth it.

FLASH!}

The planet then emerge inside his divine realm, hundreds of kilometers apart of Earth, in the "outer space" area of his divine realm that looked like the vacuum of space and where small sparks of light resembling stars filled the entire place.

The martials suddenly saw everything change around their planet, as they were left even more confused!

"W-What is the meaning of this!"

"Sir… it appears we had been teleported… somewhere else! The entire planet has been teleported!"

"Impossible!"

The Martians named that day "the apocalypse".

-----



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 227 - Unexpected Turn Of Events...


-----

"Gustav! There are many aliens in Mars!" said Gaia.

"I know, I just found out." Said Gustav.

"T-That's… incredible. Not even I knew!" said Gaia.

"Well, you were very far away from the planet anyways, I don't blame you." Said Gustav.

"And there's…"

"Huh?"

Suddenly, the conversation between the two was interrupted by another voice.

This voice was deep but not masculine, nor feminine, a good in between. Maybe like a youthful man? Or a young adult woman.

"You… What have you done to me? Where have you brought me?"

The voice pierced Gustav's mind, it spoke in a language that he shouldn't understand, yet he did.

"Y-You're…"

"I am Mars. The personification of this planet. I reside within its core. The Martians since ancient times have prayed to me as their God. Even in the harshest times when water was gone from the planet, they continued to devote to me. And who are you, exactly? I've seen that the other blue planet with all the water is here." Said Mars.

MARS!

It was actually the planet's will! So the planet had a core because it had life on it! As long as there is a long time with life on a planet, a core will form, a crystalline core that will develop a consciousness of its own, just like it happened with Earth.

"So you're- Wait! Are you telling me I stole your water or something?" asked Gaia.

"No… I have not said any of such things." Said Mars nonchalantly.

"Let's see… I'll explain things to you, but make sure to also explain them to your inhabitants, alright?" asked Ervas.

"We'll see if that explanation is a good one. You've kidnapped me, this is a violation of the law!" said Mars. Mars was a very prideful and serious planet.

"You're a bit annoying, stop screaming to my mind…."

Gustav proceeded to explain everything to Mars, as the planet heard him patiently… after around two hours of explanations, Mars finally heard him completely.

"I see, so that's… how it is. So the Dimensions and… Ugh, so bvery complicated. Fine, I will tell my oracle about it and… You may take care of everything for me, thank you for bringing me here…. I will go sleep now." Said Mars.

Mars felt overwhelmed by everything and decided to just shrug it off.

"Wow, so rude! Not even offer your help?!" asked Gaia.

"…"

"Leave it be. We didn't brought a planet here to ask for its help anyways, let's continue our work." Said Gustav.

"Fine…"

Gustav resumed his work as he flew outside into the vacuum of space as he used Supreme Summoning in the nearby planets, one by one, alongside their moons and everything. Only Mars had life, apparently, while the rest of the planets was just empty of life.

After over three hours of teleporting planets inside his divine realm, Gustav arrived at his last stop. The sun!

"This is the sun, huh? Quite hot, I don't think I could easily bathe on its plasma…" thought Gustav.

"And I wouldn't recommend you! Only Star Devourers can even do such a thing." Said Gaia.

"So even Supreme Gods can die if they're thrown into the plasma?" asked Gustav.

"Well, not completely, but you'll be easily damaged. Though… W-What are you planning?" asked Gaia.

"Hmm… I wonder if I could just throw the sun to any enemy." Thought Gustav.

"T-That would cause a lot of chaos! And the sun itself wouldn't handle being launched around, it would easily explode…" sighed Gaia.

"Ah, damn it…" sighed Gustav.

"Though… if you learn how to better make Formations, you could use it as the core for powerful Formations, feeling them with its incredible amounts of energy." Said Gaia.

"Oh… I see. So such a thing can be done. Well, for now, let's bring it inside."

FLASH!

The entire sun quickly disappeared from the place and then emerged atop Gustav's divine realm, very far away from most things to not burn them with its heat.

However, right after Gustav did such a thing, the fabric of space where the sun was suddenly felt as if it were… sinking on itself.

"Ah! T-This is what happens when you take such a massive high-density mass from space! Space itself had adjusted to it, so now that it has no mass, space itself is sinking on its own!" said Gaia.

"W-What?!"

"Gustav, quickly go back to your Inner World- GYAAH!"

TRUUUMMM!!!

A massive black hole emerged in just a few seconds as its immense power began to swallow everything around!

"S-Shit!"

Gustav resisted the absorption power of the black hole, as he summoned himself back inside his Divine Realm.

But… he felt odd.

"W-What!"

Gaia suddenly realized the worst case possible; the entire black hole was actually swallowing the entire space of the divine realm!

"Gustav, we can't stay here, run!" said Gaia.

"Shit! Are you kidding me, the black hole is just going to vacuum the entire divine realm space?!" asked Gustav in shock.

"Yes, it will! Run! Run quickly!" cried Gaia.

"Okay! Stop crying so much!" sighed Gustav, as he summoned himself outside only to be greeted by the immense blackhole having expanded in a matter of seconds!

"Unngh…! Agghhhhh!!!"

Gustav, however, was too late! The Black Hole began to swallow him whole, as he was thrown into its depths!

"F-FUCK!"

TRUUUMMMMM!!!

"GUSTAV!!!"

Gustav felt the tremendous pressures of the black hole crush his entire body constantly, as he fell into its endless pit, falling through space and time!

His senses began to flicker constantly, as he felt like his body was being constantly stretched like a noodle all around the black hole, as he suddenly felt like his senses began to fade away, his consciousness couldn't take it anymore, and he passed out…

Darkness swallowed him, as his body was crushed by several tons of gravitational forces, the tremendous forces disfigured his body and transformed it into a mass of flesh, anyone would think he died by now.

…

-----



Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 228 - A Mysterious Girl In The Beach Shores


-----

It was another boring day for Xijun, she moved to the beach to fish some dinner and then go back to her little hut to sleep.

She had a simple life despite the world where she lived. But even in such a simple life, there were a lot of dangers…

After all, she lived in a dangerous dog eat dog world, where the strongest devoured the weak mercilessly, and where those that ruled were those with the strongest might.

She had been living near the beach since she had memory of herself, since her grandfather taught her how to fish, how to forage around the beach shore, and how to hide herself from those that came from the mainland.

She usually hid in her hut inside a cave after having her stomach filled. Her grandfather always told her and taught her to be thankful of what the world offers to her, and to always be thankful to every little life she takes, even the life of mere fishes.

She once more went to fish to the shore, her chocolate-skinned body shone with glossy light as the sunbathed her with its light. The sky was blue and beautiful, and there wasn't a single cloud in the sky.

The silver-haired girl looked into the sea, as her golden eyes were bored. She wore a simple white dress and recalled her grandfather's words back then…

"Life in this world is filled with wonders, but there are limits that we mortals have. We cannot go beyond the horizon, or we'll simply get killed… We are weak, but I am thankful that I am at least strong enough to bring my mouth something to eat and have the time to enjoy the beautiful world around us… Xijun, always make sure to appreciate every little thing, as everything in life is precious and holds value on itself."

She smiled faintly as her dreams of one day becoming something bigger and better were still within her heart. Despite her grandfather being fine with the life of a fisher, she always wanted deeper down. Her life was just starting after all, and she clearly wanted to experience all sorts of things.

In a few more days, a recruitment event would take place in the Heaven Pavilion City within this large continent, she had heard the rumors from passerby merchants, and wanted to see if she could be talented enough to become a member of the many Sects that will attend that day looking for new talents to recruit.

She had hopes to develop her natural abilities some more in such Sects, she had yet to use Essence in anything much than fishing, but well, she was pretty good at it, she inherited her grandfather's fishing abilities after all.

Indeed, fishing abilities!

"Oh, there's something coming up!"

SPLASH!

A massive creature suddenly jumped out of the water, struggling to not be dragged out of the oceanic depths! It was a massive, blue-scaled dragon-like fish!

"GROOAR!"

"Come on, don't be stubborn, you're becoming my dinner!"

The massive dragon fish struggled, as its incredibly big body, surpassing 4 meters of height, struggled to not be caught by the girl's strong fishing rod inherited by her grandfather, the golden fishing rod emanated a strong essence from within…!

"Nngh…!"

Xijun gritted her teeth as her muscles strengthened slightly, letting her finally exert enough strength to pull out this massive catch!

SPLASH!

BOOM!

The massive dragon fell over the ground, struggling to breath as it was suffocating with the air of the surface…

She took a knife, which shone brightly with silvery light, and she stabbed the dragon in the neck, cutting off its entire head!

SLASH!

A river of blood came out, the body struggled a bit more, but the beast was already dead.

"Ahh, this one looks fresh. Let's see…"

She began to butcher the entire monster with ease, as if she had done it countless times, taking out the large armor-like scales with a simple knife, and then the skin, to reveal the tender red meat beneath. After that, she sliced open the stomach and threw all the innards out.

She cut the slices of meat into large chunks, and stuck them to a stick, which she began to roast in a nearby fire.

Meanwhile, she smiled playfully as she looked at the stomach sack, she always had fun seeing what kind of weird things these fishes ate.

She used her knife to slice open the stomach, as many disgusting things came out, such as half-digested fish carcasses, bones, algae, and pieces of drifting wood.

"Oh, a lot of disgusting things, uegh…"

And within them, she found something odd, a figure beneath all the trash and half-digested corpses.

"Hm?!"

It was… an human body!

"Did this fish swallowed a person? I-Is it dead?"

She quickly dragged the man outside the stomach sack, as she began to wash its body with the ocean water.

She glanced at the pale-white man, with short black hair, he seemed to be deeply asleep.

"So odd… Is he… alive or not? He doesn't seem to be rotting." She said, as she began to push her hands into the man's chest, giving him some CPR.

"Come on!"

"Come back!"

"You can do it!"

BUMP!

Suddenly, the man's eyes opened wide, as Xijun noticed that were red-shot.

"Unngh… Ugeegh…!"

The man suddenly began to throw up right in front of the girl, as he gasped for air.

"You're alive! I can't believe it! Someone actually survived getting swallowed by a fish…" said the girl with surprise.

"Ungh… My head… Ahh… W-What's going on? W-Where am I?"

The man looked around confusedly, as he noticed the vast and calm ocean waves, the clear blue sky, the fire behind him, and then a massive creature at that side.

His eyes opened wide open once more as he saw that creature that had swallowed him.

He remembered it did because he suddenly had landed into this world's oceans as a strange meatball, and then was swallowed…

"My body is back to normal…"

"Hello? How can you be so unpolite to your savior?"

"Ah…"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 229 - Reencounter


-----

Xijun couldn't believe it! This man was being very unpolite. She had just revived him, bringing him back from whatever state he was before, and he was completely ignoring her!

However, the man heard her loud and clear, as he apologized.

"Sorry, I… A lot of things seem to have happened." He sighed.

"I can tell… What's your name, for starters?" she asked.

"My name? It's Gustav." Said the man.

"Gustav! I am Xijun, nice to meet you!" said the girl, smiling cutely. Gustav noticed she lacked some teeth and made her smile look a bit funny. But she was quite pretty, nonetheless.

"Ah… Nice to meet you too." Sighed Gustav, as the headache that made his mind dizzy didn't stop. He was still barely remember what he had done before. He felt as if an incredibly amount of time had happened since the last time, he did something…

And that something seemed fuzzy and cloudy… What was going on with this man's head?

"Ngh… My head hurts…" he sighed.

"A-Are you okay? I-I guess being in the stomach of a fish is quite traumatic… And you're completely nude too… Wait here, I'll bring you the clothes that my grandpa left behind." Said the girl who only wore a pretty white dress, she ran through the shore and then reached a cave quite faraway, after a few minutes, she came back, bringing some pants, a shirt, and sandals.

"It should fit you; I believe." She said.

"Thank you…"

Gustav quickly wore the clothes as he felt more comfortable now without being nude.

"Come eat something with me, I got fresh water from the pond in the cave, it is not salty! I'll boil it for you with some meat, it will make a good soup if we add seaweed and these crabs I picked up in the way!" said the girl, smiling cutely as she brought a pot and began cutting chunks of meat over it, alongside putting some crabs, and seaweed, and lastly, a bit of sea salt all over it.

After that, she placed the entire pot over the fire, as it began to boil hastily. Gustav smelled the delicious scent of the dragon fish boiling up, as he looked at the massive creature that the girl had just "fished".

"You're not a normal girl, aren't you?" he sighed.

"Huh? That? That's just a fish." Said the girl while raising an eyebrow.

"Right…"

As the two waited for their meal, the girl introduced herself a bit.

"I've been living here for years, and I've never seen a man inside the stomach of a fish before. Even less one that survived! Your entire story can be told as some kind of tale…" said the girl.

"Some… kind of tale? I guess… Not even I remember what happened. From one moment to another, I… landed in water and was swallowed…" said Gustav.

"You don't remember anything before that?" asked the girl.

"I… I think… I am supposed to remember but… my head hurts so much it is… not easily letting me do so." Said the man.

"Hmm, that's quite fishy to be honest. But oh well, seeing how you went through all of that, it's natural for you to not remember well… I think my grandpa once found a man adrift in the shore, even after drowning in the ocean he was moved by the waves into the sea's shore and somehow was alive." Said the Xijun.

"I see… So there might had bene more people like me before. I wish I could… remember but…"

Gustav seemed conflicted, his heart began to beat faster as he felt like he HAD to remember something, something that was eating away his mind and sanity.

"C-Calm down, relax… You won't get anywhere by worrying so much. If you had memorable memories, they'll come back to you eventually, right? Here!"

The girl gave Gustav a stick with grilled meat, it was covered in ocean salt and nothing else, yet it looked juicy and delicious.

"Ahh…"

Gustav's mouth began to drool.

"Thanks…"

He quickly began to dig in, filling his empty stomach.

"Hehe, you're eating with a lot of energy." Said the girl while smiling.

"It's delicious…"

Gustav devoured the entire chunk of meat in an instant, sighing in relief. His stomach had finally been filled in god knows how long.

The soup the girl had made was also done by now, so she gave it to Gustav, as he drank the refreshing meal. The boiled chunks of meat were tender and filled with flavor, and the crabs shell had become as soft as paper! The meat was tender and delicious too, and the seaweed was tasty, alongside the soup itself. After drinking and eating everything, he felt refreshed and filled with vitality.

"It's been a long time since I ate something so good, you're very talented at this, Xijun, thank you- Ah!"

"Hehe, no problem! Hm? What?" asked Xijun, as Gustav suddenly felt an even stronger pain in his soul!

"Unngh…!"

His memories finally began to blossom from within his mind as he felt revitalized and absorbed the energies of this body, starting up his dormant powers in the process!

FLASH!

His brain had been crushed after he fell into a black hole, and after regenerating back, his memories were gone, but his soul still contained his memories. Now that it got some energy from the meat of a powerful being of this world, Gustav's memories blossomed into his new brain!

"Agh…!"

"Gustav!"

Suddenly, he heard the voice of Gaia!

"My love!"

And then, the voice of Kireina!

"M-Master!"

And lastly, the voice of Anna!

Gustav was suddenly moved to tears, as he was finally able to see inside his soul once more, his Divine Realm was still there, everyone seemingly survived the trip through a black hole safely!

"E-Everyone… I am so happy you're all okay…" he muttered, as Xijun heard him speak alone, and thought he had gone crazy.

She raised and eyebrow and sipped the soup, letting him talk with himself for the rest of the hour to come…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 230 - New World


-----

Gustav has survived a black hole and ended landing in the mysterious oceans of this world! His body was swallowed by a giant dragon fish and since then, he has been drifting across the oceans while slowly regenerating his body back to normal inside of this dragon's stomach, what a strange an odd story! But what could there be now? He had woken up just suddenly and the world around him had drastically changed! There was now a girl in front of him with an incredible power within her, and the world around him resembled Earth a bit, but it was clearly not.

By merely standing and sitting in the beach, he could feel tremendous streams of energy flowing everywhere, concentrating his senses let him see a large part of this world's structure and see how it worked, and it was incredibly different than Earth in every way possible! The massive world was incredible big, bigger than any planet in the Solar System, and perhaps even bigger than the total space of Gustav's entire Divine Realm!

Additionally, there seemed to be a near-endless stream of energy flowing everywhere, nourishing the entirety of this planet's existence, and enhancing everything to insane levels.

He looked at the dead dragon fish and realized that he had actually been swallowed by it not through simple accident, he was actually not completely capable of freeing himself from its stomach because this sole dragon fish was actually quite strong.

In fact, the entire world was strong, somehow. This sole dragon fish… maybe it would be exaggerated to say, but it was actually close to the power of a Supreme God-Realm being! It was like a Supreme God-Realm Divine Beast, in fact!

What is the meaning of this insanity?! After all the effort of becoming a Supreme God, Gustav landed somehow in a place where fishes had that level of power?! So how strong were actually strong beings?

And the girl… the girl in front of him!

Despite her normal appearance, and despite how "simple" she pretended to be, there was a massive amount of deadly essence coming from her, flowing like an endless ocean across the skies! Her very presence generated a Supreme Domain without her realizing it, perhaps this was the way she suppressed the dragon fish and easily killed it. Her very "intent" was strong enough to do this and more!

Gustav looked at the girl once more, after he sighed in relief when he spoke with Gaia and his wives, and everyone else within his Divine Realm. Apparently, he had been swallowed by that black hole and drifted across space and time for over a week, in that time, he wasn't able to go back to his divine realm and everyone in there stayed waiting for him, while hoping for him to be alright, as if they were trapped yet protected inside.

"What's wrong?" asked Xijun, feeling curious about Gustav's intense stare.

"Xijun… Right? Would it be hard to believe that I am not from around here?" asked Gustav.

"Hm? I would guess you came from another town or something. So where do you come from?" she asked.

"I don't remember…" sighed Gustav.

"Eehh... Well, whatever, this place's name is named Grand Central Continent. In here there are many sects and stuff. I am going to try get into one so I can become a big shot and make grandpa happy. I don't know what's your goal but you seem to be emanating a bit of strength. Do you want to come with me in a few more days? We could try our luck and get into a fancy sect! I heard they got beds and rooms, and even tasty food!" said Xijun.

"Sects? What's… the name of this world?" asked Gustav.

"Huh? Name? There's no name I remember about, this is just the World. And this is the Grand Central Continent. And that's all there is to it… I think there are other central continents but this is the biggest one." Said Xijun.

"I see…"

Gustav had already summoned a second body using Supreme Summoning and his new powers as a Supreme God inside of his own Divine Realm, this way he wouldn't disappear from the outside world while also being inside of his divine realm with everyone else.

He had greeted his wives which he missed a lot, hugging and kissing them dearly. He saw their bellies had grown bigger, but the babies had yet to come. The rest of his allies were all doing fine thankfully, the divine realm was self-sustainable enough for everyone to had been fine despite him being absent for a week.

Gaia and Mars had been looking over the world for him, and they had been recently noticed him and everything, and woke him up.

Mars had been recently fused into the system similarly to Gaia, although she didn't brought anything new to the system, she emerged as a tiny floating red sphere, like the red planet itself.

There was a big meeting going on between Gustav and all his closest allies about the current situation, while his body interacted outside with Xijun.

Incidentally, he was able to divide his body through summoning himself inside of his divine realm but without summoning his body outside, but this caused his total stats and power to divide in two, as every clone that shared the same soul, would make all the bodies divide the stats. It was something he disliked but there was no other way around it, the power to clone himself was broken by itself, that he could easily get it done through Supreme Summoning is already an incredibly feat by itself in every possible way.

"So we are meeting here to finally talk about everything, although outside only a few hours had been, in here it has been a day. Very well, let's begin." Said Gustav.

"First of all, dear… What is this world all about and where the heck are we now?" asked Kireina.

"Quite possibly… we had stranded out of our own Universe." Said Gustav.

"Eh?!"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 231 - An Uncertain Future Ahead


-----

Gustav revealed the truth of what he believed had truly happened, surprising many of the people present in the large meeting. They didn't expected him to be so direct with the answer, but he wasn't wrong, he was indeed correct! The entire group had stranded out of the entire Universe as they fell into a black hole that worked as some kind of destructive wormhole, it let Gustav's body get crushed constantly while also bringing him across the fabric of Universes and he ended randomly falling into another one.

His previous Universe was left behind, sadly, and he had arrived at a completely new one, this was further proven as Gaia and Mars scanned the entire world around Gustav through his body, and discovered that the fabric of reality of this place compared to the outer space where their planets used to be was completely different!

"But how?" asked Anna in shock.

"To be honest I don't know the exact details. I don't know how black holes work." Said Gustav.

"I investigated what I could and based in the data I gathered through the System as your body was crushed by the black hole, I can tell that it wasn't a pretty journey. The black hole is an endless spiral of deadly pressure and gravity, but unlike many scientists speculated in Earth, it actually is not just a finite space, its not just a sinkhole, it is actually more a tunnel. A type of wormhole. The wormhole brought you out of the Universe where you were through a tunnel, this tunnel reached outside the Universe as we knew it, and then landed into this… Universe, a completely different one." Said Gaia.

"What I saw back then was incredible. After Gustav fell out of the darkness of the Black Hole, he fell through what seemed to be a membrane of billions of galaxies, through it, he crossed it and then reached a massive space where there were many bright bubbles. Each bubble was an entire Universe composed of many Galaxies, each one having their own rules. He randomly fell into the Universe next to our former one, this one." Said Mars.

"After falling into it, his body drifted into space, but this didn't lasted long, this Universe is a peculiar one as there is this massive world where he landed, even larger than the Solar System, this world could be said to be a new type of world we had never seen before, it had the a massive size of several planet's earths." Said Gaia.

"Incredible!" said Kireina.

"Is this for real?" wondered Natasha.

"It has to be, they know their stuff, after all they are not System admins for nothing." Said Javier.

"This means that we truly stranded into the unknown for real." Said Ervas.

"I am quite… nervous…" sighed Anna.

"Don't worry, Anna. We'll get through it." said Gustav.

"The thing is… This world… is incredibly strong. it could be said that the Universes aside from our own are all way stronger. Our Universe was a "stale" universe where nothing happened, there were a lot of power missing, it was a Universe that had yet to bloom into a new era of essence and power, but this Universe is the complete opposite, in this world there is powers everywhere, essence runs wild everywhere, and this world itself is tremendously big. It is gigantic! And in here… that fish that swallowed Gustav is strong enough to be considered a Supreme God-Realm Divine Beast! And that girl in front of him right now… although she seems to be gentle-hearted, she's terrifying! Her power is also around such a level!" said Gaia.

"I-I see… so after all our efforts we still got thrown into a high-level zone from all things. That girl, Xijun… you better try to befriend her, dear!" said Kireina.

"Eh?"

"She's so cute too! Look at her, she even made you lunch! Isn't she the cutest?" asked Kireina, looking at Xijun through Gustav's eyes.

"I guess she's very nice. And yeah, I will try to make her my ally. She's my ticket to understanding the world where I landed… now let's discuss what she just said, about Sects," Said Gustav.

"Sects! What the heck is that?" asked Natasha. The demoness had no idea what the heck Sects were, in her original world there was no such things.

"Apparently they're like clans but they also accept anyone. They're big guilds, maybe, where people gather to work together and survive, while also growing stronger through cooperation and distribution of materials and resources." Said Gaia.

"Did you just researched that on Wikipedia?" asked Kireina.

"Yes." Said Gaia.

"I see, well, I guess Earth's term is good enough to give us a clue, but we have to investigate a bit more about this world, I am guessing Gustav can't level it easily and make it his as he please, right? There will be many challenges. We should first infiltrate it and see what's there is to be." Said Javier.

Javier, who had become member of the council due to being the oldest human ally Gustav had, voiced his opinion and everyone couldn't help but agree with his words.

"Indeed, I was planning to just do that, Javier. We'll infiltrate here, well, I will. I don't know if you could… I am sure I can summon you to this world, but something tells me I shouldn't carelessly do this." said Gustav.

"I believe the same, there is something suspicious about this world…" said Kireina.

Gustav in the outside world slowly woke up from his sleep, the sun was shining brightly atop the sky, and he found himself sleeping inside a small hut made out of drifting wood, there was an open window, and he was over some straw with a blanket. It was an uncomfortable sleep.

At his side, there was a cute chocolate-skinned girl still peacefully sleeping, it seems that Xijun had invited him to sleep with her. But it's not like something had happened.

Gustav looked over the window as he sighed, looking at the calm ocean waves. He felt like he had to restart anew in this world, but it didn't seemed so bad if it was so pretty as it was now.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 232 - The Amazing And Mysterious Xijun


-----

Gustav didn't knew what kind of world he had arrived other than knowing it was somewhat based in cultivation or something. Xijun, the only inhabitant he had ever met didn't knew about it other than that she was in a big continent living in the shores and fishing for food.

She was a gluttonous girl though, usually she would eat the entire beasts she fished every day, somewhat without growing fatter. The people in this world were truly in another level, even this girl who thought she was weak was indeed quite strong.

He really didn't knew what to do other than live his life off as he could. The power of this world was immense but there was still time to grow stronger little by little. He had no rush, despite the necessity to grow stronger, he had already attempted to fly into the skies and break through the layer of the heavens to reach outer space, but as Xijun looked at him with surprise, a sudden and powerful force stopped him from passing through the layer of the heavens, as if opposing his power, an invisible wall that couldn't be penetrated easily.

Then, he had attempted using Supreme Summoning to summon himself back to the space he was before, but the only thing he found out by doing this is that he could not, it was as if the whole space there was gone, and he couldn't go back there…

This was because that space and scenario was changed by the black hole, and all of that area was now just a giant black hole that didn't stopped growing bigger little by little.

Left without hopes for escaping, Gustav had to custom himself to the situation at hand and decided to stick around with Xijun as she had offered him her hospitality. She said that as long as he helped her fish and forage around, that she was fine with him sticking with her until they were to travel in a few weeks to the big city she often talks about, where the Sect Recruitment Festival would begin.

These last days Gustav had spent them rather leisurely, living in this vast beach filled with powerful beasts of a minimum power of Great God-Level was a big challenge by itself, but Xijun was adapted to living in the wild extremely well.

The beasts he had found foraging around with Xijun were nothing but interesting, there was an over abundance of reptiles in this continent's shores, as if this place was straight out of a Monster Hunter Game. There were large and colorful feathered raptors with the power of Great Gods, massive Tyrannosaurus Rexes with the power of Supreme Gods, and even massive flying Pterodactyls with colorful wings.

These monsters were deadly if Gustav didn't took enough care, but Xijun was able to easily escape them and only spy them from afar. Usually, she would fish because she found it easier, but when hunting land monsters, she would leave traps behind, usually made of magic which she actually called "water trick".

She was able to control water to an incredible extent and used traps that generated water bubbles and drowned small animals they caught. She often caught small raptors with them, but with Gustav, just yesterday, she took down a but Tyrannosaurus Rex. In that day was when Gustav showed off the power of his Summon and other Skills. As he had unleashed a few of his domains and elements, including the power of his Spear and his Spear Aura, piercing the giant reptile's incredibly hard scales bit by bit, while Xijun used her powers to capture it and weaken it.

He had yet to reveal her he could actually bring actual summons, but he wanted to keep this a secret for now. He didn't knew if this power was common or not, but maybe he would reveal it in the sect recruitment thing and get into a big sect to find out if he could grab some goodies from them in the way to grow stronger and get out of this world.

He had considered simply walking away and explore the world completely, but there was a massive amount of energy going everywhere, he felt like if he moved too far away from this starting point, he would find giant beasts after beasts, and he might end up getting killed easily.

Diving into the sea was a no-no definitely, as there were beasts strong enough to swallow him whole there, and surprisingly, their defenses were big enough to take on his hits.

Gustav didn't had much time to enjoy his overpowered abilities before he was to land into a higher-level world… but well, at the very least the author didn't had to recur to stupid nerfs to give him challenges.

Of course, while he hunted and lived a wildlife with Xijun, he also lived inside his divine realm at an even faster pace than the outside world… while two weeks have passed since Xijun rescued him outside, two months have passed inside the divine realm, where he was with his second body.

Kireina and Anna were soon to give birth at this point, their bellies had grown incredibly big and the babies were developing super-fast, they were also emanating strong presences of incredible divine and elemental power.

While he pampered his wives who mostly remained at home resting over their big bed, the rest of his servants wanted to catch up to Xijun at the very least, who everyone saw as Gustav's new companion, so they continuously dived into the newly upgraded dungeon that had ascended into Divine-Grade. They were getting EXP from it daily by grinding constantly, while Gustav and his allies also did other things such as attending the ever-growing magical farms they held, which constantly expanded in terrain and had become absolutely massive in size.

He had been able to access to a lot of new types of fruits and vegetables, so by simply eating them his stats slowly grew a big more, and thanks to the EXP he gained passively from the dungeon, he was getting a bit of level ups combined with whatever he hunted for lunch with Xijun…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 233 - Fierce Xijun


-----

However, there was something that Xijun wondered about Gustav after these almost two weeks of being with him. From where did all these powers he had came from? He had showcased at least the manipulation of over 7 elements combined into his Domain Aura which he could shape as deadly spears, he even had a powe rful weapon himself, and to boot, he had techniques and skills he didn't had, such as an extensive knowledge about various types of spells through his skills, being able to make fire with magic, wind, water, and more, and even manipulate darkness, the void, and more… she was always being surprised every day as Gustav slowly began to relearn his abilities and adapt them to the energy pressures of this world.

Because the energy of this world was so constant and strong, they felt like powerful and deadly winds that continuously pushed his progress backwards all the time. He felt like whenever he unleashed a lot of power, these winds would suppress it passively, so he had to get used to this and find ways to use his power without being completely suppressed. He was therefore relearning his abilities and techniques while making them more "minimalistic" while still retaining the majority of their original power. Of course, this task was not easy.

Nonetheless, even with this suppression, Gustav was easily someone strong, he was able to showcase incredible prowess like nobody else. And used this prowess of his to impress Xijun from time to time, as he used his powers cleverly to help her catch prey more easily… although these monsters were so strong that it was always a challenge.

Nonetheless her question was not only what the heck were his powers but how was she able to see him grow stronger by killing things. She noticed each time he killed a monster or helped her kill it, he gained a bit of that monster's life essence… something that could only happen if you ate a lot of that monster.

And lastly, the most insane and obviously ridiculous thing was when he firstly helped her kill a Raptor, when it was killed, the beast suddenly glowed brightly and a few items emerged around it out of nowhere, such as a dress, a raptor's scale armor, and even potions, things she had never seen before.

But even this was kept hidden from her, as Gustav refused to elaborate further and always changed the subject… Xijun was a bit dumb of a girl, but even she was growing tired of this and demanded answers after two weeks.

She had already been enjoying these dropped items a lot, from the dresses she gets to the new furniture that sometimes drop, there are even new consumable items which she had tried out and found great.

But this was the end of it! She asked him this.

"Gustav I am already getting bored of waiting for you to tell me this! But what are your powers?! I can take it if you don't remember who you are… but you're using them as if you knew what they do… Tell me!" she said.

"I… I don't know either. I just merely developed them… As I told you, I have Amnesia…" said Gustav, he found on Amnesia a good way to elaborate over his items and powers without having to worry that much. Xijun felt angered that he was lying to her again, as she smacked him into the head like a spoiled brat.

"Stop lying!"

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

"Ungh…!"

The power of a Supreme Goddess-realm girl was still mighty, so Gustav felt like his head was going to burst with each smack. However, Gustav stopped her midway through, as he apologized.

"We have spent some time together… And we had certainly grown a bond together too, Xijun, but this… its not something I can easily talk about. For now, let me tell you that… I don't come from this world." Said Gustav.

"Y-You don't?" she asked.

"Indeed… And that's for now. I cannot elaborate further, but just take the items that come out, they're special for your growth. I think I could share more of my power to you if we grow closer… Sorry." Sighed Gustav.

"Sigh… Well, at least we are making progress! Honestly, I don't know what to think most of the time regarding you. You came out of nowhere and you're now showing crazy powers I never saw before… You're very amazing, more than my old man!" said Xijun.

"I don't know if that's a compliment or not… Xijun, you're also very strong, how did you do it?" asked Gustav.

"S-Strong? Me?! What are you on about? I am not strong at all, in fact, I am quite weak! I think of myself as a little weakling… I don't know how you can even remotely consider me strong… The only thing I do is fish for food and catch monsters sometimes." Said Xijun.

"T-That's already impressive. I guess you grew up in such harsh environment…" said Gustav.

"You didn't?" wondered Xijun.

"Let's say my world was of… a lower level than this one, yeah, that should work." Said Gustav, as Xijun barely understood what he meant.

She immediately began to gather resources after that, picking up drifting wood, shells, and other little things they found around the shores. This way, they had a lot of raw materials to work out in their little house, which Gustav felt inclined in helping her gather.

After that, the little hut they had begun to get more wood added to it. Gustav knew he could bring more materials out if he wanted, but liked how Xijun worked so hard for her little thing, if he came with all sorts of materials out of nowhere, it would feel insulting to her, maybe…

After that, another day passed by as the duo were still enjoying the large amount of meat left by the Tyrannosaurus, which had dropped a set of armor Gustav was wearing

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 234 - Terraforming Mars


-----

As Gustav underwent a "training" of sorts outside, he was still living another life inside of his divine realm. In there, he was using his second body to mostly maintain the entire place, using his powers and divine energy to nourish the land and the farms, while keeping everything on check of not losing its balance.

After he became a Supreme God, his entire divine realm exploded with many new divine materials, which were all sorts of materials of magical properties that appeared out of thin air through the materialization of over accumulation of divine energy and elemental attribute particles.

There were glistening forests with fiery presences, large mountains filled with colorful jewels, and enormous lakes with many new types of divine algae, corals, and other colorful things. There was a massive lake which became more like a sea in the middle of this floating landscape, which Gustav often used for the people to let them fish for large amounts of seafood.

There were also new things happening in the skies, as the heavens of the divine realm had also changed, the massive clouds solidified atop the skies and then changed into completely new and unique biomes by themselves, where new types of plants, ores, and animals roamed around.

Additionally, there were now many new other floating islands, all of them containing their own biomes and unique special animals inside. However, the other annexed lands he had acquired when he first got the Inner World had also evolved, they had become incredibly big too, although not as massive as the Mainland, but perhaps at least the same size as the continent of Australia… and they were three. Meanwhile, the Mainland was more into the size of almost the entire planet Earth, if not a bit bigger.

The Undead Graveyard had become a complete continent of darkness and death, a lugubrious place where most of the humans didn't stepped on. In this place Undead thrived and constantly produced more troops, Gustav slowly built up an Undead army from this place, although they were rather weak themselves, they were slowly merging around as they progressed, forming stronger Undead as time went by.

The Monster Hatchery also became a massive land of grasslands, forests, and rivers for the most part, there were also a lot of hills, and many places where Monsters constantly emerged through eggs, many new monsters emerged, fusions of several other races, Gustav built an army of such monsters, although similarly to the Undead, they were weak and would take some time to grow strong enough to be more useful than just meat walls.

And lastly, there was the place where units could train to get passive EXP and Skill proficiency, although the dungeons were taking most of the attention in terms of training, these lands had become massive battlefield where many Undead and Beasts went to train anyways, passively earning EXP and Skill proficiency as they fought, even if they couldn't earn as much, doing this daily helped them build up power anyways, and it had become a place where everyone went exclusively to fight and do things like these.

However, although his divine realm was growing big and this also produced more divine energy and attribute particles for him to grow stronger, Gustav knew there was more land he could get form all the Planets he stole from the Solar System.

So today he was flying over Mars using his second body, and greeting the Martians. It has been a while since they joined his divine realm, so they were accustomed to the changes by now, and also knew him well. He had invited them here so they could see how he was going to terraform the entire planet and fill it with life.

Using the power of his Supreme Summoning and also the Nature and Life Magic he has been training, which he had the talent for naturally because he already had a bunch of these elements attribute particles to use, he began to summon vast grasslands from the Mainland, alongside forests and rivers, and even small lakes.

His Supreme Summoning had become so meticulous he was even able to summon grass and immediately place it in the dirt of Mars. And while doing all of this, he also infused divine energy into the massive red planet, infusing it with riche energy to let it grow even bigger and more monstrously verdant.

In just a few hours, the entire world was covered by a thin layer of grass, and a few forests here and there. The planet itself was actually smaller than Earth, so Mars was easier to terraform than he thought.

As the Martians saw the planet that was once all filled with life go back to its former glory, they all celebrated with their own unique celebrations. Meanwhile, Gustav quickly flew towards the other rocky planers in the Solar System, which were the easiest to terraform.

Through meticulously placing them around, he was able to move those that were too hot from developing life away from the sun so they could do so, without affecting the other planet. Through these fantastical methods, he filled these planets with divine energy in tremendous quantities and began summoning basic lifeforms over them one by one. This way, these planets would slowly develop cores inside of them, origin cores of crystalized divine energy, and would be able to one day develop into complex living planets such as Earth and Mars.

The gaseous planets were a bit more of a challenge, most of them lacked a solid surface, but Gustav still infused divine energy into them. He had even explored them in detail inside, being engulfed a couple of times in the massive storms of Jupiter and seeing the beauty of the blue planets such as Neptune. He had even taken a trip around the rings of Saturn, finding them quite pretty.

Although these gaseous planets lacked surfaces and it would be hard for them to develop life, he found that their many moons were pretty good for that, and he began pouring divine energy over them just because. He had even found an ocean below the ice scape of Europe…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 235 - Bringing Lunch In The Bed To My Wives


-----

Gustav's goal with all of this was mostly to gain new power, he wanted to infuse with life all these places so he could later on be able to fuse with their World Origin Cores and gain more power, the same way he did with Gaia and now with Mars.

There was a thing that interested him though, apparently he didn't had to just limit himself to Earth's animals, he had not thought this through enough but he could infuse enough mana in the planets to force mana-based life to emerge, mostly creatures such as monsters, and he even began to introduce monsters that could survive these environments better, even the Sun now had life, as there were many types of monsters that lived in volcanic areas in there, freely swimming in the pools of plasma like nothing…

There was a big variety of wind-based creatures that began to spread over the gaseous planets, although because they lacked proper atmosphere, temperatures in all of them were harsh, only creatures with a lot of resistance to cold places could exist there, such as spiritual or essence-based entities.

Rocky planets or moons were always easier to deal with, he even used Wind Magic and created temporary atmospheres around them, which would slowly be reinforced by the oxygen and other gases generated by special plants he had reinforced with a lot of vitality and cold resistance.

Of course, it wasn't so cold. Now that they were in the "outer space" area of Gustav's divine realm, the temperatures were way warmer than in the outer space, the vacuum of space was unforgivingly cold, but although the temperatures were also below zero in here, they never went below -4 or -6 grades.

With that said, Gustav was looking forward to the prospects of acquiring a lot of power from these planets in the future, they were not considered divine materials yet, but Gaia said they had the potential to develop greatly in the future and even had the possibility to become divine materials by themselves, like massive areas that constantly sprouted with beautiful divine materials, fueling with him even more divine energy and powerful attribute particles!

Gustav looked at the powerful planets decorating the skies of the night as he flew back to his manor, he could actually upgrade it into a castle if he wanted, but he left it be like that anyways, he liked the humbleness of his humble home.

He flew inside of his manor and entered his kitchen. Where he began to cook all sorts of delicious food using divine materials harvested from divine monsters, he also used the delicious magical crops harvested in the farms and more, and prepared a delicious and tasty meal.

"Help me out."

Gustav then summoned two powerful skeletons that emanated Great God-Realm auras carefreely, they were just picked up randomly from the Graveyard.

The two skeletons grabbed some of the plates with food and walked upstairs, bringing the food to their bed, where Kireina and Anna were sleeping adorably over the bed. Their bellies had grown bigger than ever before, and the children might be born very soon, Gustav was letting them laze around and sleep as much as they wanted, as they had to patinently wait for the babies to be born.

Due to this, since he finally came back here, that he had been pampering them to no end, spoiling them rotten with everything he could do, and often brough them four meals a day in bed. They were being spoiled a lot, to the point the two girls began to think they were abusing Gustav's goodwill…

Additionally, something peculiar was happening, as the various summons fused into them were slowly melding with them and fusing permanently, so the two girls suddenly lost the ability to separate from the others that had merged with them, and all their consciousness had merged and fused into a main one, which still was the same anyways. Of course, if they tried hard enough, they would be able to create clones and insert consciousness into them, each consciousness being a piece of the main consciousness that belonged to the previous summons.

Nonetheless, apparently the babies as they were connected to their life, and were half human (?), had also made them half human (?), and therefore they had begun having many problems that fleshy beings had. As pure ethereal beings, they had never suffered from these things, there were things even such as going to the bathroom which they didn't do before, which was now needed, or taking baths because their bodies would produce sweat, or how their hair would grow greasy if they didn't washed it, and more… they were becoming more and more "Real" despite only having been ethereal summons before.

Gustav had already seen that they still had the power to be summoned and all of that, but they now were developing such things as well. Gustav didn't knew fi they would keep them when the babies finally were born, or if they would be lost and they would go back to being ethereal, but Gustav was honestly liking them as they were now, and wouldn't really want them to go back. So maybe if he willed it, they might keep being as they were.

"Time for lunch, girls, wake up." Said Gustav with a gentle voice, as the two girls wearing Pajamas suddenly woke up, yawning and looking at Gustav with sleepy eyes.

"Ah… D-Dear? Lunch in the bed again? Y-You could had summoned us downstairs…" sighed Kireina.

"I-It wasn't really necessary…" sighed Anna.

"What are you talking about? A good husband has to love and spoil his wives… Now let's eat up while its warm. Wanna watch some movie too?" asked Gustav.

"Hehe, sure…!" said Kireina.

"You're spoiling us way too much, it is making me feel a bit guilty…" sighed Anna.

"Don't sweat over it, just enjoy the moment. I like doing this to those I love." Said Gustav. He was way too good-hearted with them. They were his weaknesses, the treasures of his life…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 236 - Progress


-----

"GROAR!"

A massive Tyrannosaurus Rex began following Gustav's back, the enormous beast emanated a strong Supreme God-level aura, despite not even being a supreme god. This was because this beast was just THAT strong, and enormously big too. Gustav considered that if it were to land on his divine realm, it would cause havoc and it would become incredibly hard to kill it.

As a Supreme God himself, he shouldn't have much harder of a time defeating it, but these giant dinosaurs were powerful. Their bites were strong enough to tear apart his flesh with ease, their speed was phenomenal, and their intelligence was also quite sharp! They were in fact very intelligent and capable of evading traps made by Xijun.

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

As Gustav ran away from the giant beast, his Aura shaped and converged with countless others, spirits he had summoned shaped themselves into spears and continuously merged together, generating spears of bright rainbow colors, rotating around his body constantly…

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

The spears fell over the giant dinosaur's body, piercing through its scales and flesh, several wounds emerged across its body… but it was not dead.

"Not dead yet? These attacks would easily kill Celestial Kings and Infernal Lords but can't kill this god damn giant featherless chicken?!" muttered Gustav, as he continued to bathe it with attacks. Now he was going through some challenges in these beaches.

He had arrived here roughly a month ago, and since then that he has been surviving a wildlife with Xijun as best as he possibly could. But things were getting more and more challenging as they began hunting the big prey, these creatures who were good for Loot and EXP were necessary for Gustav's EXP, each dinosaur of these would usually be 1 level up, which would give him a great boost to his capabilities.

He had yet to reach max level in his latest Job, and it was taking an awfully long amount of time, but he simply required to get accustomed to this world's energies and perhaps cultivate it as well, but because he can't find a way at the moment and Xijun simply use it naturally and cannot teach it, he had been using what he has and struggling to win each fight, which have made him see things in retrospective.

"I miss killing giant hordest of beasts mindlessly." He thought, as he generated a massive spear of divine flames and infused it with his utmost divine power, a roaring dragon came out of his chest out of nowhere, his Divine Spirit Beast, as it fused with the new spear and then, it flew directly towards the dinosaur's head!

FLASH!

CLASH!

"GRAAAHH…!"

BOOM!

"Eh? I killed it in one shot!"

Gustav celebrated the unlikely thing that had happened. These dinosaurs were so tough that they could take hits in the head several other times, disappointing Gustav of his own strength plenty of times like this.

But now, he suddenly managed to get through chance and pierced its head with a powerful spear attack! He had infused a lot of his power into it, enough for his force and abilities to awaken in unprecedented ways and manage to pierce the dinosaur's head.

"What? Its dead?"

Xijun surged from the bushes, she had prepared a harpoon left by her grandpa to attack the dinosaur with her powerful strength, btu the beast was dead sooner than they had expected! Now that they were like this, they quickly decided to pick up the dropped items and carry the monster away.

Gustav suddenly noticed his stats had increased a good amount through this month, he had leveled up roughly 8 times, enough for some changes to occur…

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race(s): [Abyssal Blood Vampire], [Transcendent Heaven Embryo]

[Elements: [All]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood], [Divinity of Heavens], [Divinity of Abyss]

[Daos: [Grand Dao of Summoning: 100% (Fully Assimilated)]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [280]

[Gold: [37.000.000]

[Hero Feathers: [25.000.000]

[Hero Fragments: [19.000.000]

[Skill Points: [18.000.000]

[Job: [Supreme Summoner God]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod], [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod], [Heaven Transcendental Demigod], [Transcendental Heaven Buddha Demigod], [Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God], [Infernal Dark Abyssal Death Summoner God]

[Existence Rank: [Supreme God: Rank 1/9 (Upper Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: Supreme Heavenly Divine Spiritual Beast Realm (Upper Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Infernal Core Rank: [Heavenly White Infernal Essence Realm (Upper Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Soul Cultivation: [Supreme Divine Primeval Soul Land Realm (Upper Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[System Rank: [Rank 4]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management], [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], [Mana Creation Factory], [Dao Monolith], [Law Comprehension Hall], [Dao Nourishing Elixir Spring]

[Level: [330/360] -> [338/360]

[Vitality: [120.000.000.000/120.000.000.000] -> [128.000.000.000/128.000.000.000]

[Mana: [200.000.000.000/200.000.000.000] -> [216.000.000.000/216.000.000.000]

[Strength: [70.000.000.000] -> [78.000.000.000]

[Magic: [120.000.000.000] -> [136.000.000.000]

[Dexterity: [90.000.000.000] -> [98.000.000.000]

[Attribute Particles]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 208.000], [Fire: 208.000], [Water: 208.000], [Wind: 208.000], [Space: 208.000], [Time: 208.000], [Life: 308.000], [Death: 408.000], [Dark: 208.000], [Light: 508.000]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 208.000], [Dream/Nightmare: 208.000], [Phantom: 208.000], [Blood: 408.000], [Poison: 208.000], [Soul: 508.000], [Nature: 308.000], [Thunder: 208.000], [Ice: 208.000], [War/Strength: 208.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 408.000], [Fate: 408.000], [Void: 208.000], [Law: 408.000], [System: 208.000]

[Composite Attributes: [Heaven: 100.000], [Abyss: 50.000], [Beast: 50.000], [Demon: 50.000], [Inferno: 50.000], [Spirit: 50.000], [World: 20.000]

[Comprehended Laws]

[Basic Laws: [Earth: 50%], [Fire: 50%], [Water: 50%], [Wind: 50%], [Space: 50%], [Time: 50%], [Life: 50%], [Death: 50%], [Dark: 50%], [Light: 50%]

[Diverged Laws: [Illusion/Emotions: 50%], [Dream/Nightmare: 50%], [Phantom: 50%], [Blood: 50%], [Poison: 50%], [Soul: 50%], [Nature: 50%], [Thunder: 50%], [Ice: 50%], [War/Strength: 50%]

[Greater Laws: [Chaos: 50%], [Fate: 50%], [Void: 50%], [Law: 50%], [System: 50%]

[Supreme Laws: [Heaven: 30%], [Abyss: 20%], [Beast: 20%], [Demon: 20%], [Inferno: 20%], [Spirit: 20%], [World: 10%]

…

His stats had increased by several billions with just a few level ups, wonderful.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 237 - Birth Of The Summoner's Twins


-----

After picking up the loot drop from the giant tyrannosaur, Gustav and Xijun began to cook the monster right away, butchering such a gigantic and strong beast was a pain in the ass, but Xijun's special knife and Gustav's spear made quick work of that. The skin was strong and covered in scales, but they seemed too intricate sometimes. However for now, things were being easily covered up.

The dropped items of today were more armor pieces and… a blade.

"A sword?" Xijun looked at the large two-meter-big blade, it was decorated with the dinosaur's scales around its appearance. It looks very interesting and sharp, and reminded Gustav of a weapon from monster hunter. He quickly decided to gift it to Xijun so she could have some new options at the time of fighting, using a knife or her fists wasn't good enough.

"Wow! For me? Really? Are you sure?" she asked on disbelief, incapable of believing Gustav's gest.

"Yeah, take it as an act of goodwill towards you, I am thankful for all this time I've spent here with you. You've let me adapt more to this place and everything else… Tomorrow morning we are going to the big city you always talk about, so I am quite excited. Giving you a little gift of gratitude is the minimum." said Gustav.

"T-Thanks then!" said Xijun, grabbing the blade which shone with a strong presence on it, the power of the dinosaur dwell within, as if his soul was inside of it.

SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!

She began slicing in the air, as powerful shockwaves were released from every slashing attack, amazing, it was truly amazing. Her strength was really an another level completely compared to Gustav.

Gustav glanced at her formidable figure slash through the air with incredible ability within her body. Xijun's eyes shone brightly with conviction, a powerful conviction Gustav felt was incredible. This girl had lived for a long time alone in here, her grandpa was gone some years ago and he knew more about her through the days.

He learned that she had been surviving here for years, almost five years since her grandpa passed away, surviving on her own by hunting and consuming these monsters with incredible power. To think such a little girl would be bale to survive to this point, he began to believe that this world was truly one where only monsters lived. Perhaps the entire world was accustomed to fight supreme god-level threats? Maybe they were the minimum level? If that's the case, then Gustav was thrown into the depths of the low tier scrubs once more, making him only feel more terrible.

But he could only think about it, perhaps this wasn't the truth, perhaps there were ways that he could grow stronger as well, perhaps Xijun was an exception, perhaps and perhaps… so many perhaps, yet… could he get an answer? No.

Until tomorrow morning, there was no answers, sadly! However, the two were looking forward for tomorrow, joining a sect might let Gustav learn about this dangerous world in detail and benefit from it. He at least knew that sects in most fictional settings had a lot of resource and rewards that sect members could get through a variety of purposes and things they could do.

As they enjoyed the meal, inside of Gustav's divine realm, a big event was about to begin, his second body inside of his divine realm was seeing how his children were being born from Kireina and Anna.

Suddenly, the two had begun to give birth after they felt something tore apart down below, they quickly began leaking out some liquid from inside their belly, and the baby was coming right away.

After several arduous hours of struggles and stress, the two girls finally managed to get out the two little children, with the help of Gustav's hands and everyone else close enough to them inspect the things as they went.

"Hahh… Its done…?" asked Kireina.

"I-It is…"

"Oohh… I am so exhausted…" sighed Anna.

"D-Don't sleep yet…"

Gustav quickly healed the two girls' exhaustion, or at least a little bit, by feeding them extra and richer mana and magic spells that healed vitality.

The girls felt revitalized once more, as they sighed in relief.

Gustav kissed both of them and hugged them, as he showed them the babies born from their love.

The two children were nothing but peculiar.

Kireina's child between her and Gustav was the first one to be born, and therefore could be said to be the oldest. She was a cute little fairy girl. Her fairy wings were shorter than her mother and more elongated, like those of dragonflies, but not less decorated with beautiful colors. Her pale-white skin came accompanied by two sharp crimson-red eyes, and black-colored hair from her father. There was also a wine-red jewel in the middle of her forehead, and a shiny golden jewel in the middle of her chest. She emanated a strong presence.

And then there was Anna's child, the child between Anna and Gustav was also peculiar. It was an adorable little girl, smaller than Kireinas' daughter. This little baby girl had squirrel tail and ears, and her short black hair came accompanied by two brown eyes. Her squirrel tail and ears were also black-furred, making her resemble a bear more than anything, very cute. She held beast-like tattoos across her body, they were all black-colored.

The two girls emanated strong auras like Gustav had never seen before. Apparently they inherited large part of his natural talent and power,

"Ah… My baby…" Kireina sighed, as she hugged her little girl and embraced her in her arms. The baby hastily began to drink her mother's milk, while Anna did the same with her child.

"They're really quite energetic… I see! So cute… it makes me so happy to see them. They're indeed the cutest baby girls I've ever seen." said Anna.

"You think so too? I am glad." Said Gustav.

The family stayed there, warmly looking at the baby's gentle rest in their mother's embrace, as time went by, slowly, and steadily…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 238 - Gustav's Thoughts


-----

My children had been born and I couldn't be happier today. Even since I started my journey in this apocalypse that I finally began to actually feel like I was living my life. It was sudden how everything ended occurring, the fights, the catastrophes, the invasions, the monstrous beings from another dimensions, and the pressure I had on my shoulders to not only survive but also grow stronger and protect my home world.

And to be honest, even after doing that job and as I picked things up, I ended being swallowed by a blackhole due to my negligence, but the power of my Physique and Psyche ended saving me, even as crushed as I ended, I still slowly regenerated back, I ended surviving a blackhole from all things… but I am glad nothing happened inside my divine realm, as it was a different space, it seems that my soul itself ended protecting it.

And thanks to that I ended landing in a completely different Universe as the blackhole served as some kind of wormhole-like transport, although unlike a real wormhole I ended being crushed constantly by its pressuring gravitational forces.

Nonetheless, I seem to have pierced through the membrane of the Universe at some point and ended landing in a completely different Universe right over this world.

I don't know if this world is as big or small as Earth, but Gaia had helped me scan it around and it was indeed phenomenally enormous to the point she wasn't even able to completely discern its size. Perhaps this is a Unique Universe where the entire thing is just a single and massive world? Maybe like these worlds where the invaders came from, each of their Universes was just their entire world in a way, if not the entire dimension.

Maybe I ended landing in a Universal World, as we called it, where the entire Universe is just a single massive world the size of several galaxies with an ever-expanding size. This is why, perhaps, Supreme God-level monsters roam around freely as if it were absolutely nothing.

In such a dangerous world, my powers barely let me survive with everything I got, I am now even more thankfully I had acquired all this power before landing in this hell of a universe…

I regret having tried to be so greedy, I ended falling in that blackhole because I wanted to pick up everything in my divine realm, well, that was a bad move on my part, it ended being my almost demise. I was lucky I ended getting out of it alive, I ended wasting all the Fortune I had accumulated by surviving, and even then, I was swallowed by a giant sea dragon fish-like thing, and this girl, Xijun, was the one that rescued me from its belly.

I would had ended staying in that stomach for a long time because I was being both digested and at the same time regenerating, so the monster would never end up pooping me out or something, which was horrendous to even think about.

Maybe I would had eventually woke up from the comatose state I was in? Although at this point in time, I don't want to remember this anymore.

I was glad to know that everyone inside the divine realm was doing fine and they had been living peacefully while I went through this hell, I was able to protect everyone, thankfully.

Xijun has been my new friend ever since I arrived in this new world, this girl is filled with mysteries herself and she seems to be a classic kuudere-type girl, she seems mostly emotionless, or show very few emotions. And is often silent, so I have a hard time talking with her, but she's gentle-hearted and has helped me adapt and survive in this world, surviving in the wilderness of this dangerous place is a feat by itself, so I am really thankful for her assistance.

I guess she's my first ally, but I myself have a lot of mysteries I have yet to reveal to her, and I honestly don't want to do it yet, I have shown already more of my powers to her as we gradually survived every day, but I have yet to show her the complete capabilities of my own powers, which I am actually still developing an discovering now that I've become a Supreme God, one of such examples is that I can now use all elements of magic, I don't remember being able to do this, but perhaps now that I've grown so strong and have so many attribute particles, all attributes of magic simply flow naturally out of my body and mind.

Unlike me, Xijun seems to be mostly developing water magic and powers related to this element, she said that people don't use all elements like I do, and that it is considered very rare… so I suppose even in this dangerous world I still got many advantages.

My relationship with her has been slowly building up in this month I've spent in this world, and I already consider her somewhat of a little sister. She ended liking my company as well, confessing to me some days ago that she always felt alone and bored, but when I showed up things finally got fun and interesting… I don't know if she's referring to the loot that drops from my hunts, which she likes to collect and see what can appear next, or if she's referring that I am charismatic or something, because I am not really that charismatic...

Anyways, leaving all of this aside, I was just happy to know I finally got my children, my beloved wives had given birth to the two baby girls yesterday, and since that time that I've been at their side while the two girls slept and drank milk. Apparently Kireina and Anna had no problem in generating their sustenance through milk, so I was happy to see them drink to their heart's contents.

By simply glancing at them, I can't help but feel extremely happy, such a strong happiness… I never thought I would be so happy in my life… I feel like my heart as a father is slowly blossoming in my chest. I wonder what names we should give to them…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 239 - Names


-----

I looked down into the two little girls sleeping, while my wives were also dozing off. I have been watching over them silently for some time, simply looking at them and caressing their little heads and soft, silky hair.

Kireina's child was the first one to be born, and therefore could be said to be the oldest. She was a cute little fairy girl. Her fairy wings were shorter than her mother and more elongated, like those of dragonflies, but not less decorated with beautiful colors.

Her pale-white skin came accompanied by two sharp crimson-red eyes, and black-colored hair from me. There was also a wine-red jewel in the middle of her forehead, and a shiny golden jewel in the middle of her chest. She emanated a strong presence… I wonder if she can turn into a… well, a monster like her mother does while fighting sometimes. I do believe she could have that potential.

And then there was Anna's child, she was also quite amazing. It was an adorable little girl, smaller than my daughter with Kireina. This little baby girl had squirrel tail and ears, and her short black hair came accompanied by two brown eyes. Her squirrel tail and ears were also black-furred, making her resemble a bear more than anything, very cute. She held beast-like tattoos across her body, they were all black-colored.

The two girls emanated strong auras like I had never seen before. Apparently, they inherited large part of my natural talent and powers, alongside those of their mother. The two girls seemingly seemed to be extremely strong and might already be at least close to Supreme God-level from the get-go. They were not just normal babies after all, and when they were born, their mother lost a chunk of their power temporarily, meaning that they also acquired almost half the power of their mother when they were born.

Kireina and Anna are slowly regenerating back that power though, so it won't be a permanent debuff. But for now they need to rest and slowly recover all the power they lost. I believe that things will get fun when these two babies finally get the opportunity to walk around and develop their powers some more.

After a closer inspection, they seem to have inherited my physique and psyche, but it was slightly renamed for the two, and they were born with a pack of skills each, some were like their mothers, while others were completely unique. Of course, both were also Summoners like me, and held summoning skills. Well, Kireina and Anna were also able to summon their own troops as well, so they were summon summoners… Erm, yeah, it gets a bit confusing.

Well it's obvious they don't have the Supreme Summoning System, but they're skilled natural Summoners, and might be able to create their own summons and some day even convert other beings into summons. They come with the Skill [Great Summoning] after all, a lesser version of Supreme Summoning.

Aside from this, their stats are through the roof but not too big either, perhaps they'll naturally develop higher power as they grow up.

And another thing, what are they? Well, they're indeed half summon and half human/vampire/whatever I am now. They don't count as Summon Units in the Status I can see through, as they count as the people that is added into the System. Also, they have the power of Jobs, it seems that I was able to inherit them this power, and both were born with a special Job and might change Jobs later on, when they reach their current level cap at 50, which might even trigger evolution.

They were also born with divinities like my strongest summons, so they're overflowing with divine elemental power from their bodies, the two girls are strong, indeed.

They're mostly physical beings but have the power of essence-based beings like their mothers… Oh, and it seems that Kireina and Anna had still stayed has quarter physical now, so it seems that it is permanent, the babies had indeed changed their physiology and they're no longer just summons, but something between a summon and a physical being, this also came with them ending up permanently fused as well, but they didn't mind it and felt it was fine and better that way.

I honestly don't know what to think regarding this, but I am happy if they're happy, so its all good on my book.

Anyways, it is getting late, so I quickly decided to move downstairs and prepared some food for the girls, and brought it up with the help of some skeleton servants.

"Time for lunch girls, now that you've permanently become a bit physical, you should eat some more to nourish yourselves." I said.

The girls slowly woke up, looking at me with sleepy expressions in their faces. My wives are just too adorable. But it seems they're too sleepy after giving birth due to the weakened states they're in, the babies took a big chunk of their total power when they were finally born after all, it will take some days for them to recover everything back to how they were.

"Yawn… I want to sleep some more…" sighed Kireina.

"Hahh… Dear, thank you…" sighed Anna, as she sat down and began to drink some tea while caressing our baby.

"Here, its dangerous to eat with them on your arms, let me carry them." I said. I carried the two girls with my arms, as I let them in their cribs and covered them in mantles, they were sleeping peacefully and without a care of the world… Hahh, they're so cute… my babies… t-these are really my children… I am really a father.

A part of my own is within them, living… this sole thought made me realize how amazing this is.

"I wonder what names we should give to them?" I asked.

"Oh…! Right…" said Kireina.

"Hmm… I kind of want to name my girl as Valentina, is this fine?" wondered Anna.

"Valentina… I like it." I said.

"For my girl… Hm… Fran… Francesca." Said Kireina.

"Oh, these two names do sound cute… Alright then."

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 240 - Chocolate


-----

Today in the morning Xijun seemed rather concentrated into her task, she had suddenly woken up sitting over the floor meditating.

This girl rarely speaks that much, as a classic kuudere, she often talks with "hm" and nods, but sometimes she talks some more. Recently she had opened some more to me and our relationship in this vast and wild world is slowly growing stronger.

In this month we had spent together, I've never seen her do this though, I was intrigued, so I sat near her and watched her closely. Due to the nature of my powers, I don't really require meditating or cultivate like its actually done, I just need to kill and get EXP, and it will be done.

However, for her and other beings who lack systems, they must cultivate energies in some kind of ways, I don't know if this is how you cultivate in this world, but Xijun seems to be doing something similar to that right now.

Flash!

Suddenly, an aura of aquamarine color emerged from her body, dancing like the ocean waves around her body, it as a beautiful sight to behold, one filled with wondrousness. It held a mystical feeling to it, a spiritual light that emanated from her and began to wave around. This world's cultivation is unknown to me and Xijun doesn't seem to know either, yet she is doing something that could be called meditation.

After a few minutes, her aura continued to dance like the ocean waves, absorbing sparks of blue essence from the environment and gathering them into her chest, and then forcing them to flow across her body. At the end, the entire thing was done, and she faintly opened her eyes as if sighing in relief.

"Phew, its done…" she sighed in relief.

"What were you doing?" I asked.

"Ah! Were you looking at me this whole time? That's a bit perverted, Gustav…" she said.

"Eh? Ah, sorry, maybe I didn't think this through, I apologize if I looked a bit creepy." I sighed.

"Well, it doesn't matter. I was doing something my grandpa called meditation. I simply cross my legs, close my eyes, and breath in a way that makes me feel good. I do this sometimes while you're sleeping, this is the first time you managed to wake up and see me doing it." she said.

"So you're doing this every single morning?! I didn't knew… I guess you always come with more surprises." I sighed.

"I would say the same about you. You're still not revealing your true capabilities to me after a month of being together…" she sighed.

She had become more talkative, definitely. I don't remember her being so open with me, I guess even the coldest of girls gets to be more open when they spend time with you.

My relationship with the cute Xijun is probably that of big brother and little sister, or maybe vice versa? I don't know… but well, it is something similar to that.

"Well, sorry about that. But you'll see what I am more capable of in the future, you've already seen part of my powers, although we just hunt occasionally, every big shot I kill gives you items, right? That's not something you could do alone." I said.

"I know… And this is why I got so many amazing magical items to use… But aside from that, I was wondering if you got more of those…" she said.

"Huh?"

"Chocolate." She said.

"Ah…"

I had introduced to her a bit of the food of Earth, which is still producing all sorts of food since I rescued it into my divine realm. She seems to have grown fixated to the sweets, specifically chocolate.

She looked at me like a cat that wanted a snack, if she had a tail, it would be waving around as she wanted more of that snack…

"Sure but you'll tell me how you did that meditation and for what purpose." I said.

"Fine…" sighed Xijun, I quickly took away a large chocolate bar out of my Inventory. For her, it looked as if I had materialized the item out of nowhere. I don't know if everyone has such an ability in this world.

"This one is cookies and cream." I said.

"Ooohhh!"

I threw the chocolate bar at her as she destroyed its package and began to devour it, her mouth got all covered in chocolate and she looked honestly adorable. I wish I could present her to everyone inside my divine realm. Oh well, it will happen soon anyways.

"Nom… Nom…. Nom…"

"Come on, calm down, don't eat it all…" I said.

"I-Its so good… what is this thing inside of it? Its milky and sweet… and it has these crunchy bitter bites… a-are these cookies and cream?!" she asked, her cat-like eyes shone brightly at the prospect of such a forbidden knowledge.

"Of course! This is the legendary cookies and cream chocolate bar. Its pretty good, isn't it? now, if you want to try out the orange filling next, you'll tell me more like a good girl, right?" I asked with a smile.

"Yeah, okay… Erm… well, grandpa used to always do this, it is called Meditation and we use a special breathing to gather energy from the environment… when I do it, I feel like it flows around me, and it feels so relaxing I could fall asleep… It is hard to do without breaking concentration and falling asleep though." She said.

"What do you gain from doing it?" I asked.

"I don't know? I just feel better, after years, I think it helped me grow stronger… maybe a bit." she said.

It definitely helped her grow as strong as she is, definitely… but… is that it?

"You don't know anything else?" I asked.

"Well, it feels like I am absorbing the power of the ocean nearby… Maybe this is why grandpa lived around here? He liked the ocean… So he cultivated near it." she said.

"Interesting…"

Could her amazing water magic and her other abilities which makes her a literal supreme goddess of water… be related to this too?

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 241 - A Girl Of The Sea


-----

Xijun had revealed to me her secret, the simple technique she had done perfectly since birth, and the one her grandpa taught to her… her grandpa seemed like a fearsome ocean fighter, I have to admit it. If he was able to raise such a monster granddaughter, he wasn't normal at all, I swear.

"I like the sea. It soothes me. I don't like the idea of going away from it… but I know it's the right thing to do now…" she sighed.

"I see… It is hard to walk away from your comfort zone, I know a lot about that feeling… But its always gets easy when there are people at your side to help you out." I said.

She might feel similarly to how I felt when I was back in my home, my department. I was confined in my room for the most part, never getting out. It was desolate and lonely, but I had embraced this world and this life, and I enjoyed it thoroughly.

But when the Ragnarök was about to start and I had to move out of the big city, I had felt a lot of fear, I didn't wanted to walk away from my comfort zone, my comfortable home… it hurt a lot to do, but I did it.

I had gone to my city after things were done, but my department was destroyed and alongside many others around it, my home was no longer my home, and well, I had grown outside of it already… now my divine realm was my home!

Of course, this beach is also my home too, a month here is enough for me to get used to its peculiarities… although I still don't like fighting dinosaurs all the time.

"Hm… Thank you, Gustav. I am glad I meet you." She said. Xijun was a bit expressionless but she acted cutely sometimes.

"Eh? R-Really?" I asked.

"Yeah… You give me delicious chocolate and sweets. You're really the most amazing thing I've ever met to be able to bring to me such things." She said while nodding.

"Gah…! I knew it was going to have some weird twist, you're only introduced in my candies…" I sighed.

"Of course, I would be lying if I said I didn't cared about you." Said Xijun.

"Oh?! Xijun…" I said.

"…Because you bring me the candies and chocolates, so I can't possible discard you." She said.

"Agh…! You're so cold sometimes!" I said.

"Sorry. I was just joking around…" she said with a slight giggle.

"Oh?! Who would had thought you would have a sense of humor…" I said surprised.

"See? I can also be funny sometimes." She said while nodding.

"You sure can… But you scared me more than anything. Anyways, I think you've acquired your strength by doing that meditation, it is probably not much to you, but your grandpa might had been a big shot secretly." I said.

"Big shot? But he was a humble fisher." Said Xijun.

"You're not a humble fisher at all though…" I said.

"That's harsh…" she said.

Well, for starters, Xijun's grandpa was abnormally strong. She said he caught real fish, which were tens of times the size of what she currently fishes for, actually there evidence everywhere over the shores, massive skeletons that spawn almost a kilometer everywhere… and Xijun says that's the skeletons left by the tasty food she ate with her Grandpa.

She said her grandpa had once fished a massive fish that made the entire world tremble, brought disaster upon the land, and called the lightning, but her grandpa beat it with his amazing fishing technique, and ate it with her.

If this is true, her grandpa might had the power to fish incredibly strong beings somehow… And to boot, she probably was taught all the powers and techniques she knows about. She can utilize water very amazingly, she can even set up traps, manipulate the ocean to create currents to bring the big fish towards her (usually the one she catches with her fish rod), and even I saw her make the entire place humid one day through the production of mist… she can even do this to bathe without salty water.

I've seen her use her magic to take away all the blood of a corpse too, and that knife she was given by her grandpa could easily cut through these beasts with ease as well, butchering them without problems.

She probably has been eating these giant and powerful monsters since she was born, due to that, her power is probably immense, she might had inherited the power of various sea monsters of terrifying power, and their innate abilities are just waiting to be awakened within.

"I believe your grandpa was a big shot based in all the evidence… he probably taught you all of that for a reason, he wanted you to be his inheritor, his entire inheritance were his techniques and the way he loved you. I guess this is all an assumption, but he was very strong to die by natural causes…" I said.

"Eh? You mean…?" she asked.

"There might had been a third party involved, it just doesn't make sense that someone so strong would die so easily…" I said.

"You're right… But I remember that grandpa went to sleep and didn't woke up…" she sighed.

"Ah…"

Maybe I screwed up, I shouldn't had been so rash with my wording. I should apologize.

"I… sorry, I didn't wanted you to remember those memories." I said.

"Don't worry about it, its all in the past. I buried grandpa and now he's part of the shore that he always loved." She said.

"I see… I am glad he passed away peacefully with such a good granddaughter." I said.

"Hm… Grandpa was strong and nice… I miss him… But I am also stronger than before now… I will live up to my own dreams too, and… I want to explore the world… Gustav, can you accompany me?" she asked.

"Haha, sure thing, why not? I had already decided to go with you anyways." I said.

"Thank you…"

Xijun was really a peculiar girl.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 242 - Moving Out Of The Sea Shores


-----

I had spoken with Xijun that morning about a lot of things, I learned more about her origins, her techniques, and probably I was able to get many clues about how she grew this strong and what kind of trickery did she used, and well, let's not call it that… but it was straight out murdering. Yeah, she murdered countless beasts and devoured them, they were form what her grandpa hunted after all.

They're probably bigger than anything we had ever fished for, so these giant fishes are probably part of her strength. After all, you are what you eat! She probably gained a lot of power by eating these titanic giants of the sea. I wish I could had seen them other than their skeletons. She really had an amazing and fantastical childhood.

I don't know if we can really catch such beasts, they seemed to be in a completely different level even above Supreme Gods, so I am rather fearful of the prospects of fighting such beasts, especially seeing I might not be capable of using all my force as I am suppressed by this world's energies, and I cannot completely unleash my power. I still have yet to adapt to completely, and cultivating energies from this world might be the key…

But for that, we need to join a damn sect if possible, and get their scrolls and other stupid things they have to learn their techniques. After that, we can leave the place and have our own personal adventures! Right? Why would we confine ourselves in a stupid sect anyways… unless it is amazingly nice for us and the people in there is also great.

Xijun was looking at the sea calmly move, the seashore was vast and almost endless, and the ocean waves reached the shore and then went back up to the sea constantly. I could tell that Xijun didn't want to leave her home.

But today was the day we were leaving; we had already planned it so there was no going back on their words now.

"You're ready?" I asked.

"…Not really, but I am going anyways." She said.

"That's the spirit. No matter how much we prepare we are never truly ready, but that's why those strong enough to pull through even without being completely ready are the strongest." I said.

"You don't have to try to motivate me every second…" she sighed.

"Eh? Alright then, let's get out of here before you get in a bad mood." I said.

"F-Fine… Let's get to it." she said.

We packed our things inside my Inventory, and we quickly began to walk away, we had just slain around five dinosaurs in the way through here, but we had crossed through the vast savanna that surrounded the shores of the beach, which were rather beautiful and filled with greenery.

Around there, we finally found what Xijun called "the road" which was a patch of dirt that led somewhere. The entire place was covered in savanna and crazy jungles, but to go where we wanted, we had to follow the road.

We walked through the road without hesitation, as we glanced around our surroundings excitedly over the prospects of a future we didn't knew much about, but we knew it was going to be filled with exciting things to see and experience from now one, or so I hope.

As we made our way through the road, there was a big lake, resembling more of a swamp, which were overflowing with flowers though, it was beautiful… in a way.

From there, massive dragonflies flew around, and they immediately attacked us.

…

How wonderful.

"BZZZ!"

"Pesky bugs."

The group of dozens of giant dragonflies the size of trucks were suddenly slain into pieces by her careless magic!

CLASH!

"Wow, was I this strong?" she wondered.

"No, these monsters seem to be weaker, I can feel it… Their presences were small this time around, they were not as big and terrfiyng as I remember dinosaurs to be… these are smaller dino-like beasts after all." I said while nodding.

"Oooh! So, I am awesome? Is that what you're trying to tell me?" she asked rather cockily.

"I think you're getting cocky, this is my message after seeing you do amazing things, but don't get too cocky, okay? It will ruin your cute personality." I said.

"You're grossing me out again by calling me cute, Gustav…" she sighed.

"G-Grossing you out?! More respect for your elders!" I said.

"You're technically younger than me I think…" she said.

"Y-Younger than you?! There's no way! I refuse to believe that." I said.

Apparently, this was true, this girl had been born before me, yet she remains as a child anyways! I don't know the details, but she might look younger due to her elven lineage and her special powers… she's technically a monster ready to devour it all.

We walked through the road and then we finally reached something in the distance, there was a massive and large building- no, it was actually a wall? A massive wall erected atop grassy plains, the jungles stopped emerging around us as we finally reached a place with a big amount of civilization, and it was in this particular wall, inside of it.

The moment we reached the area we were greeted by all sorts of people, there were kids and adults, all lined up together, in a big row outside the walls, waiting to get inside.

They exuded faint presences… I couldn't tell how strong they truly were, but there were indeed strong people around here, I knew that there were somewhere, lurking and hiding.

And yeah, there was people, humans, a lot of them. I don't know how they survived a land of dinosaurs this entire time but maybe where we come from, every person is simply just strong?

I can't tell what's going on anymore, but it appears that this entire place might be way stranger than I thought originally. Perhaps the people in here are really weak and Xijun is just an exception?

But this girl talks as if she was nothing!

Hmm…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 243 - Xijun Doesn't Want To Stand Out


-----

We have reached the settlement for the humans, and perhaps the place with the sect members that Xijun had mentioned.

"This is the big city; I don't know the name but in here I come to sell stuff some times. They have yummy food but people are annoying and there are thieves…" she sighed.

"Thieves…?"

"Indeed, I think I have a bad experience here…" she sighed.

Apparently the strong Xijun was assaulted by a thief, most likely… this is quite depressing. I wish I could find the one that did it a crush it into the ground like a snake.

"Nonetheless, this place is where the sects will be?" I asked while raising an eyebrow.

"Something like that, I had heard and was invited here… The sects were many and it might take a while to pick our favorite, if thins go well." Said Xijun.

"Indeed, I see. So this place is filled with powerful geniuses ready to showcase their abilities! Let's make sure to show what we are made of too." I said.

"Okay! I am getting pumped up." Said Xijun

Things moved quickly from one place to another, in just a few seconds, we found ourselves inside the building of this large place, which had decorations and an appearance resembling a Greek building.

We were greeted by a large council of humans exuding strong presences, they were probably all elders of their own sects or something. They looked at us with their long white beards, they looked straight out of a Chinese movie or something! All the guys looked similar too!

The old men looked down at us, they seemed curious about us, we both looked kind of like homeless people, and I wouldn't blame them if one of them thought of us has some of kind peasant that wanted to try out their luck in this sect recruitment event.

They all exuded colorful auras but mostly tried to suppress their own power to seem approachable. However, as I inspected them in more detail, I realized they were weaker than both of us, by far.

It seems that we are indeed overpowered to an extent, since we got in here that we haven't found anyone near our level, the Elders here are at most Peak God-Realm but compared to us they're really not much. Xijun is really an incredibly talent, especially because she's way younger than all these old geezers.

So our power was seemingly higher, then what the heck is up with those giant monsters? The sea monsters and the dinosaurs… Come to think about it, when we got past the long savanna, monsters got super weak out of the sudden.

Was that some kind of hidden area with high level mobs? But if there was such a thing, they would had long ago come outside here to slaughter all these people.

The average in here were all Living Deity-Realm, some were Demigod, and the old geezers here were all God.

I would say they're obviously in a higher power level than Earth, that's for sure, especially because most of the population are already godly beings… although it is so normalized they don't realize how great they are compared to the outside world.

Maybe kind of like in the Celestial World? I would think this world is like that one, but that's in another dimension, and this world is simply another Universe within my own dimension.

With Xijun we had seen the participants, they first make them do a Essence Level Test where they touch an artifact and see how much power they can get out of it, calculating a person's total essence energy, I guess that's Mana for me.

And then they make them showcase their power by making them battle divine beasts the elders summon using special "formations" which are like nodes in the ground made up of materials and special techniques, which work like small dungeon spawn points, generating monsters by a lot.

After that, they decide if they're worthy or not, and if they are, the elders give the choice of the person to be recruited.

As of now they had recruited only three people out of over thirty, they're very picky.

"Next… Xijun."

An old man with a long gray beard spoke, as Xijun slowly walked up front.

She was wearing a simple white dress, her armor and weapons were saved in my inventory for the moment, she was also wearing simple sandals, so she looked like a very simple girl, the elders looked at her while raising eyebrows, thinking she was some homeless kid.

"Is that her?"

"Yes…"

"Kid, go back from where you came from."

"We don't allow homeless people to participate."

"You're weaker than an ant anyways, I cannot detect any power from you."

The elders immediately tried to move her away from the group, which made me rather angered. Who do they think they are? Damned old men, I am going to fucking blast them into pieces…

However, Xijun looked at them calmly.

"No." she said.

"No?"

"She dares defy us."

"Well, grab her and move her away then!"

Some guards approached Xijun, they were ants too.

Xijun moved swiftly as they barely saw what happened. But I noticed that her movements were as strong and graceful as the waves of the ocean, sparkles of azure streams emerged from her moves, like rivers of aquamarine essence.

Bang! Bang!

"Gueh…!"

"Agh…"

The two guards were knocked out in a split of a second, falling unconscious in the ground…

Everyone was left speechless… the Elders looked at her with surprise and awe…

"W-Wh… What?!"

"She… She beat those two guards in a single blow?"

"Impossible… I couldn't detect any power from her…"

"Y-You… who are you really?!"

The Elders unleashed their colorful auras, looking at Xijun with fear clear in their eyes.

"I am Xijun… My grandpa taught me a way to not reveal my power to others." She said.

Suddenly, a small percentage of her aura surged from her.

SPLASH!

And the Elders, everyone present in this arena, found themselves drowning in a massive ocean, it is as if her entire Aura created an illusory domain, which they couldn't even fathom to escape.

I was mostly unaffected by it, although I felt its pressure and strength.

She quickly pulled back her power, as the Elders gasped for air.

"Hahh…"

"Ungnh…"

"W-What was that?!"

"So?" asked Xijun.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 244 - Only 100


-----

The moment Xijun showed a fraction of her power, the world was submerged in an ocean. Even herself didn't thought a much out of it, perhaps because her old grandpa was even more of a monster than her, and I could bet that the two had fought before to the point that Xijun was made to think of her power as being "not enough" or "little" in comparison to the vast world outside, which her mysterious grandfather always spoke about being vast and mysterious, and filled with wonders and dangers.

But what she showed to everyone was the proof of our misunderstanding, we were actually pretty strong compared to the usual people here… even if they were all gods.

The gloriousness of Xijun's aura made everyone dumbfounded. They couldn't believe what was happening. The people around us felt like they were drowning in a vast ocean out of nowhere. They tried to swim upwards, but they couldn't, the might of the ocean's waves and its strength pushed them down. It felt almost hopeless for all of them.

I saw the Elders drown before her Aura of oceans, it really felt as if she had summoned the oceans themselves into the battlefield, it was something enormous, and honestly mesmerizing. It even surprised me, I was left speechless, quite literally.

However, after she finally deactivated, she looked with surprise at the scene, she seemed surprised everyone was so affected, she had believed it wouldn't take so much effect. Well, you're terrible wrong, Xijun! You're actually amazing…

I was mostly unaffected by it, although I felt its pressure and strength.

She quickly pulled back her power, as the Elders gasped for air.

"Hahh…"

"Ungnh…"

"W-What was that?!"

"So?" asked Xijun.

The Elders looked at her with disbelief, she was now back to having almost no power around her, they didn't believed it… She was a hidden monster amongst monsters, a being they could barely fathom to understand, a true genius in all its glory… The Elders swallowed saliva, knowing they couldn't let go of such an incredibly promising disciple for their own sect.

"J-JOIN MY SECT!"

"NO! MINE!"

"W-WE'LL GIVE YOU ALL THE BENEFITS WE CANT!"

"THINK ABOUT IT! OUR SECT IS BETTER!"

They began to scream incredibly loudly, begging her to join their sect. Xijun was confused, she thought they would make her do the usual exercise and test to see how strong she could be or something, but in fact nothing like that happened.

"Huh? But won't I be given the test?" she asked.

The Elders quickly fell silent as if her words were like orders, they began to talk to one another nervously.

"F-Fine, please take the test…"

"Go on… Young lady."

"If that's what you want to…"

"Please be gentle."

The Elders then brought a large sphere, the largest they held. This was an Essence Calculating Sphere, it calculated how much essence someone have, usually the people that came here wouldn't cultivate so much so they weren't able to completely show large amounts of essence, but they would show their talent depending in how much they got.

"Thanks… Then…"

Xijun slowly approached her hand to the sphere, as everyone present looked with intrigue. In everyone's head, she would surely have an exorbitant amount, perhaps she would completely blow away the entire sphere altogether, or even worst, she could even make the entire arena where we were tremble and fall apart by merely infusing some of her power.

But…

The orb barely glowed a bit, showing a number.

100

Everyone was left speechless.

"…"

"…"

"…"

"…"

"…"

The five Elders present looked at the scene dumbfounded. They couldn't believe what they were seeing… is 100 a bad number?

Of course, I would had thought Xijun would use more of her power, but because she dislikes using her power rampantly, she only infused a tiny bit of power, enough to past the essence test.

"What's wrong? Isn't 100 good? I remember you recruited people at 80." I asked.

I had seen people at 80 pass with ease, so I guess the standard would be around 70, 100 seems pretty talented to me.

"Only 100?"

"There's no way… that numerical value must be wrong!"

"We clearly felt way more than 100 numerical value of energy…"

"Is she lying to us?"

"This girl… she's hiding her powers incredibly well!"

"Hm? What's wrong? Is 100 bad? My friend Gustav asked you a question. It's very rude to not say anything you know?" she asked while seemingly growing angered.

The Elders gritted their teeth in fear before the mighty loli, as they nodded with forced smiles.

"Haha, 100 is fine! 100 is fine!"

"Indeed! It is actually very amazing, outstanding!"

"Quite talented, we haven't seen a 100 in weeks!"

"Yes, usually, we would recruit people around 60 or even 50… sometimes."

"We are not picky but people with above 50 energy reserves is very rare."

"I see. So I am double as great as them? That's good enough for me." Said Xijun. She had an affixation for hiding her true powers, I guess she was a true main character in that regard, although I don't know if readers would enjoy reading a novel with her as the protagonist!

The Elders looked at each other while raising an eyebrow, this girl was indeed way too strange! She was so strong, yet she liked showing little power despite the possibility to surprise everyone a second time? Why was she like this?

Well, Xijun had a very strange mentality, but I had somehow grasped it a bit, she doesn't like showing her power because she thinks its not enough. In a way, as much as she loves her grandpa, he had been a big shadow behind her that keeps making her think she's not strong enough, which makes her believe she lacks more talent, strength, and effort, and believes that she cannot brag about it because it simply not enough to do so.

I know her mentality is weird, but that's how Xijun is, and I am fine with how she is. She's my partner in this new world and my guide in here, so I am willing to protect her too.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 245 - The Might Of The Mysterious Girl


-----

The Elders looked at Xijun with utter surprise. Their faces were dumbfounded, showing expressions of surprise and awe. She was not showing any power and they felt betrayed. Deep down some of them simply began to think differently. I could hear the whispers of their minds, a bit, as I had the power of Telepathy and other mind-related powers that the Ability Spheres of the Slarkobs gave to me.

But even then, this world's power suppressed part of it, so I could only partially hear their thoughts, hence they felt like little whispers I could sometimes catch, and sometimes I could not. However, I was more than capable of discerning the emotions in their faces and also in their minds. The power of Slarkobs over the mind was amazing, and as I had inherited it, I was able to see through the emotions of their minds and see different colors behind their heads.

The Elders seemed to begin to think she had tricked them. That she wasn't actually strong but had sued a technique that was some kind of illusory domain that actually had no power on it other than showing an illusion, and Xijun's unwillingness to show more of her power and prove to them she's strong reinforced this theory in their minds.

They began to believe she might not really be that strong and that she tricked them! Yes, she was perhaps as strong as a 100-value energy user, and perhaps she knocked two guards with ease, but so what? Even their juniors seem to be able to do this, so it wasn't so big of a deal.

In this way, they thought she was indeed talented and deserving of joining them, but that she wasn't as incredible as she made herself up to be.

"She's lying! She lied to us! She used some kind of illusory power… I know! She's not as strong as she made up herself to be!"

Suddenly, one of the new recruits of the sects, a blonde man with aquamarine eyes and a cheeky smile, who exuded an aura of light, looked at Xijun with a cocky smile.

The Elders looked at the boy as some of the other disciples began to talk as well. They seemed to be envious of her and wanted to push her down as much as they could while they could, wanting to grasp this opportunity to make her seem worse than she actually was.

Bastards.

"She's indeed not as incredible as I had thought…"

"Well, last week two 100's were also recruited, not so incredible."

"Indeed, but she might have some kind of power over illusions…"

"Perhaps she's a witch of some sort?

"She's not showing her true power, maybe she doesn't have such power then!"

"What a disappointment…"

The people immediately began to judge her harshly. I wanted to beat them all to a pulp.

"You-"

"Stop… Gustav, I don't care." Said Xijun, shrugging it off.

"Huh? Really?" I asked.

"Yeah, I am weak after all." She said while nodding.

"Indeed, I am weak, so that's why I want to join a sect and grow stronger." Said Xijun.

Everyone fell silent.

She actually accepted it!

"Huh? Y-You accept it?" asked the blonde guy.

"Yes? Why wouldn't I be self aware of my own weakness?" asked Xijun.

"…"

The elders looked at her with strange expressions.

"Well… We'll see how strong you truly are…"

"Now, free the strongest divine beast we have."

"Let's see how strong she is."

"Indeed!"

"Summon it!"

FLASH!

Xijun who was in the battlefield of the arena stood up there, looking at a formation suddenly materialize a large figure, a gigantic beast…

It had the shape of a T-Rex, but it was of a smaller size, of around 5 meters, and it had a less rough skin, but hard scales nonetheless.

It had spikes around its body, metallic spikes. And it also had a sharp jaw.

"T-That's… a Tyrant Wyrm?!"

"You're using such a strong beast against her, Elders?"

"S-She's gonna die!"

"She's weak, she admitted it! Don't kill her now…"

"I wouldn't want to see such a disgusting scene."

The people of this world were a bit considerate I guess, but in the wrong way, they saw that seeing her being killed would be disgusting, but not actually wrong? Wait, do people get killed in these tests? Is that fine by them?

This society is really fucked up when you compare it to Earth… Suddenly, modern Earth before the apocalypse looks like heaven…

"That is a Tyrant Wyrm… a powerful God-Realm Divine Beast!"

"I am impressed to be able to see one myself…"

"They're so strong…"

"It's very presence creates an aura of pressure, it feels as if they air had gotten very thin out of nowhere, and the gravity has gotten heavier…

"This is one of my tamed beasts. If you can defeat it or at least last a minute, you'll pass this test." Said one of the elders. Their personalities had suddenly turned from passive and gentle to frustrated and angered at Xijun, they felt like they wanted to kill her now.

"Really now?" I sighed.

We had battled even stronger things that these, this one seems like a baby of the T-Rexes we killed. Perhaps the pups we usually spared and didn't killed because we pitied them…

"Sure." Said Xijun, she even smiled faintly.

Everyone looked at her with disbelief.

The giant T-Rex looked down at her, as it suddenly felt a slight presence.

An aura of oceans emerged from her faintly, as water was summoned around Xijun in small quantities.

"Consecutive Water Bullet."

The small mass of water suddenly began to separate itself, firing small, fist-sized bullets of water at high speeds, bathing the entire T-Rex with them!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"GROAR!"

The T-Rex wasn't killed instantly though, its scales somehow were blocking the hits barely, although some began to be blown away. I see, Xijun also pitied the beast, after all it looked to be a pup, she didn't wanted to kill it.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 246 - Come And Show Us Your Power


-----

"GRYAR!"

The giant T-Rex, which was actually a young hatchling from the monsters we had hunted down before, was bathed in Xijun's gentle attacks, it began to fall back and tremble in fear.

"E-Eh? She's actually winning?"

"No way…"

"Make the beast fight some more!"

"What a cowardly creature, did you raised her well?"

"Ah… Fight some more!"

The Elder that tamed the T-Rex ordered it to fight more, as the beast roared angrily and suddenly was taken over by a lot of power, an energy transferred by the Elder. The creature rushed towards Xijun, opening its jaws and unleashing a massive breath attack of flames over her.

BOOOMMM!!!

Everyone saw how Xijun was consumed in the flames in disbelief and dumbfounded, the flames consumed her entirety as she seemed to disappear before them. But I knew she was fine.

"S-She's surely dead now…"

"You went a bit too far."

"She… was still kind of useful."

"Ugh, what a letdown."

"S-Stop, don't release more flames! We still want to see if there's a corpse left at least… Sigh, we'll have to bury her I guess."

These elders were really quite the psychos.

However, as the beast stopped firing its breath, Xijun emerged below the flames, inside a bubble of water, unscathed.

The bubble of water seemed very simple and it didn't emanated any powerful aura or something, it looked like a simple water spell that was made amazing due to Xijun's high power.

"Water Bubble?!"

"That's a low-tier Water Spell."

"The same as her Water Bullets…"

"Can that spell even be used for defense? Anything would pierce it."

"S-She survived anyways."

"Sorry little one." Said Xijun, as she manipulated her water bubble and then moved it upwards.

The T-Rex looked at the scene with horror, as it long ago had realized the enormous power of Xijun, and it suddenly closed its eyes, waiting for death to embrace him.

SPLASH!

However, the hit didn't killed it, it was just a bigger water bullet. However, it was strong enough to knock it out unconscious, making it fall in the ground covered in water…

BOOM!

"…"

"…"

"…"

"…"

"…"

Xijun had somehow managed to win without actually looking impressive. She's incredible at pretending. She used Low-Tier Spells purposedly to not seem so awesome, and simply and slowly fought the beast, even letting it burn her, and simply using the low-tier spell Water Bubble, which is not even used as a defensive spell, to defend herself.

She looked like a newbie with some kind of talent on it, and at the same extent, for anyone else than the Elders, she looked like a cheater or something… it felt weird, it was as if she was cheating, but not really, and it seemed as if she was talented, but not really either.

This girl as an amazing talent at deceiving other people's expectations, and it truly shocked me to my very core. She looked at the Elders with an expressionless face.

"I'm done." She said.

"You're clearly strong, I admit it."

"Okay, I guess…"

"She's strange, I can't tell if she's really talented or not."

"She defeated your pet so she's obviously talented."

"I guess… But well, this Tyrant Wyrm was a small hatchling!"

"Oh, so that's how it is…"

"I guess that's not big of a deal then!"

"Hmph!"

"Anyways, girl, you're going to join one of our sects? Pick one."

The Elders suddenly didn't acted as desperate as before, I was impressed. Did Xijun really liked to be treated like this instead of being praised as a genius? I suppose her grandfather gave her a very unique outlook at life. Perhaps I should try to not show off too much either, I don't want to bring unwanted enemies to my doorsteps, although they would be good EXP, but it still not a smart decision.

Xijun wondered which sect to join, but she didn't knew which sect they even belonged to… At the end, she said something else that surprised me a bit and made me realize I was actually important to her, and she cared about what I thought and wanted.

"I'll wait. Gustav here is my friend, so I will join the sect he joins." She said.

"Eh? This man?"

"Oh right, he's next in the test…"

"He looks like a homeless man just like her."

"Indeed…"

"Well, whatever…"

I looked quite humble, but not homeless! I was wearing this world's peasant clothes. I didn't had my equipment over my body as I wanted to be "raw" for this. The Blackhole actually tore it apart a lot, even my spear ended almost completely destroyed, but when I was rescued by Xijun, the last bits of cloth and metallic pieces of the spear slowly regrew back to their original sizes and forms as I infused divine energy into them and waited for them to regenerate through Self-Repair.

It was honestly a pain to wait for them to regenerate completely but that's how life is, its honestly a pain sometimes, but you get through it anyways. My equipment was inside my inventory now, almost completely repaired, although not completely, my spear still was halfway through in a whole month. And Anna wasn't feeling well to upgrade it herself, so I've been delaying it for now.

My own powers are good enough anyways, and I've been using other weapons randomly from what we get from dropped items, but nothing really suits me other than my spear, I've made a bond with that one… ah, I still miss using it, but bringing it out would be a bit weird.

"Then, Gustav, come and show us your power."

The Elders showed me the sphere, and Xijun seemed expectant to see my power, as if she wanted me to go all out while she contained herself way too much. Now I would feel bad if I disappointed her, but it also feels unfair on her part that she gets to hide her power but she wants me to see all my own power…

Oh well, let's use a bit.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 247 - The Power Of A Summoner


-----

I looked at the sphere. This sphere had the power of showing a person's energy level to an extent, Xijun had faked it and showed to be 100, even when she could be super high but didn't do it because she mostly feared breaking the entire thing by itself. She actually told me in telepathy about that.

Telepathy can be shared with anyone I want by creating a small Telepathy area, within a certain area around me, I can talk through telepathy to anyone I want and vice versa. So she was able to tell me something.

"I didn't used all my power because it would break the thing… I hope you don't do the same, it would be disrespectful." She said.

"Yeah but you still want to see my power anyways, don't you?" I sighed.

"Oh, yeah! Show me!" she said.

She was very pumped up to see how strong I could be. This made me feel a bit frustrated to be honest, but fine, I'll show her, I will amuse her with the might of the savior of Earth, Gustav, the owner of the Supreme Summoning System!

I touched the sphere as I infused power.

F L A A A A A A A S S S S S S H H H H !

"Eh?!"

"I-Impossible!"

"W-What is this?!"

"This can't be…!"

"What!"

The Elders all said their own Japanese phrases. I had infused not all my power but a good amount of it carelessly. The power that came from my body was certainly of a different nature than everybody else. It was after all, just Mana.

This Mana flowed with blue colors, but an even stronger and magical blue than before, way bluer than Xijun's oceanic aura. Everyone around us was left surprised, looking at us with shock and utter disbelief.

What was happening right now as impressive for everyone's eyes to be honest, but it wasn't as if something bad was happening, it was just amazing. I am amazing after all! Unlike you, Xijun, I like to act cocky!

"What a feeble little material." I said.

"Eh?!"

"Wait… you're!"

"Stop! That's expensive!"

Crack… crack!

The sphere began to crack before my might, the numbers had already gone past 10k and were growing almost into the million already, and it continued to go high without stopping at all.

CRASH!

The entire sphere suddenly broke apart, falling into pieces, the entire explosion that was ensued was so strong it released a strong shockwave around, the shockwave didn't killed anyone but it was a strong hit, it made the weaklings fall into their knees unconscious, even the arrogant blonde guy fell over the floor pathetically, while the Elders all cried in pain.

"Uaggh…! S-Such might!"

"Who is he?! Who is he???!!!"

"Impressive! I cannot believe it…"

"How is he so strong?! Wait, is he a spy from another sect that came here to slay us?!"

"It can be! T-There's no way a homeless man would be this strong without having done anything for their situation…"

I think this is the price for getting cocky and showing my power. people began to grow suspicious about my true origins and intentions. There's no way a person would remain looking like I do with such power, I guess. I cannot tell them I've been living in a beach filled with beast so strong they would completely destroy this entire place tough, that's beyond it.

So what I have to do is play it off differently and act as if I don't even know what they're talking about, and say that I am an honest person that has been living in isolation with Xijun.

"Wait, wait! Hold on! I am not a spy! I've been living in closed insolation with Xijun for a while, she's like my little sister, or disciple… We came here looking for new opportunities. Maybe I went a bit too hard there, sorry. I am actually not that strong. I just have a lot of volatile energy and I cannot properly control it." I said.

The Elders barely bought my excuse, mostly due to fear. I guess I could easily kill them and gain some easy EXP out of them, but that's certainly not a good thing, I am not a murder hobo that loves to slaughter people and laugh manically while doing so.

Or maybe I am… well, the thing is, I don't want to do that here for the moment. Although I dislike the Elders because they didn't even cared when Xijun was thought to be dead. These people are very superficial and only care about strength and power, they lack any moral and don't even pity the life of a child for all its worth.

"I-Is that so?"

"Well, you're indeed very strong…"

"What was the last number showed?"

"We don't know, the number simply was too big and then too small… it was all over the place."

"Impossible to truly detect…"

"I see… well, we can get a better grasp of his abilities and strength through a fighting test… Go on and fight this for now."

FLASH!

They suddenly summoned another T-Rex, this time around it was blue-scaled and it had beautiful feathers around its body, it was a pretty one, a female, it seems.

I didn't wanted to kill this hatchling either.

"I am quite a good summoner as well." I said.

"S-Summoner?!"

"What did he said?"

"Huh? Look!"

The Elders pointed at me as I summoned something. A magic circle in the ground emerged as three beasts around me were summoned. They were my three main tamed monsters which I often bring to my fights and all of it.

Cuco, Wisp, and Scarlet, the Arachne.

The three beasts exuded powerful presences, dwarfing the T-Rex. The entire arena was left once more speechless. I was constantly stealing their voice and air all the time by how much they gasped.

Are summoners rare here? Heh, well, whatever.

"Don't kill her." I said.

"ROAR!"

Cuco and his allies quickly rushed forward, clashing against the T-Rex.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 248 - Impressive Showcase Of Abilities


-----

A large black panther, a giant specter made of phantom blue flames, and a giant, red-colored Arachne, all three of these creatures were one of my first tamed monsters, aside from Wisp who came from the Graveyard, although he has been with me for quite some time by now.

The three monsters rushed into the beast in front of them, the giant Dinosaur-like monster. Cuco used his powerful jaws and claws to bite and tear down the beast, while Wisp fired powerful explosions of phantom flames, and Arachne used her spider thread to wrap around the beast's legs, making it trip into the ground.

BOOM!

In just a few seconds, and trough outstanding teamwork, the beast was defeated just like that. The Elder of the Sects were left speechless, glancing at the might of my tamed monsters in disbelief. And that wasn't even all the power they had, nor all the troops I could summon.

Perhaps if I wanted, I could level almost the entire place in here using all my tamed monsters, undead, and summons' might, but that wouldn't be any fun, and honestly, quite pointless, I would end up just doing the same thing the other invaders did to my planet, and perhaps I won't even be able to go that far without someone strong to show up and stomp me down, this world was, after all, of a way higher level than it showed up to be.

"Good job guys," I said, as I petted Cuco… I couldn't really pet Wisp, and Arachne felt weird to pet because she was oddly humanoid.

"T-This is… you've completely defeated the tamed monster so fast!"

"He's… really amazing…!"

"And he summoned three powerful beasts as well!"

"Just who is he?!"

I wouldn't blame them for being left so speechless, I had really showcased a lot of my power right there, and I wasn't shying away from showing some more. I was not like Xijun, I didn't mind showing what I was capable of, or at least, a larger part than what she liked to show.

"So? What's wrong? Am I qualified for this or not? Answer me." I said. I stared at the Elders waiting for an answer right away, I didn't had any time to waste arguing with old men. Xijun looked at me with surprise and awe, as if what I was doing was completely amazing.

"Y-You're getting way too cocky!"

"But… He's right, he did win and his power is amazing…"

"Are we sure he's not some spy though?!"

"I want to have him in my sect!"

"Wait, no! Mine!"

The Elders then finally gave us the choice. There were five different sects in here, which were the strongest sects of this continent, and they were governing each cardinal direction, they were often named the Five Cardinal Sects, and all five of them held this competition to recruit members every few years in this city.

First of all, I wanted to ask about a few explanations, using the excuse of being a hermit that has been in closed cultivation for very long, I got some nice explanations from them which I appreciated greatly.

"I am baffled by you not knowing anything… But well, the name of this planed is named Azure, it is a blue planet within the Sanctuary, the greater beyond cosmos that lies within the confines of the sky. However, only those strong enough can traverse outside the planet…"

"This planet is mostly made up of oceans and has two continents, simply called Northern and Southern Continents. You're currently in the Southern Continent, where all five of our sects dominate the land."

"There are cases of people that has ascended beyond the power level that even you possess, and are able to trespass the Heavens Walls that protects our planet from the outside dangers, traveling outside into the Sanctuary where many other Planets can be found… but that's something beyond our scope."

The Elders explained to me where the heck I was, at long last. Apparently, it seems that this planet is named Azure and that there is a big blue sea and two very plainly named Continents. We are currently in the Southern Continent where the Five Cardinal Sects dominate the land.

All five of these sects are rivals, but there had not been any annoying wars for the last thousand or so of years, so they're all peacefully living together in harmony for now, which is good, I wouldn't want to get myself involved in pointless wars.

There are five sects in total, and each one is like a different school of an element, in a way, each one specializes in one element.

There is the North Fire Sect, the South Water Sect, the West Wind Sect, the East Earth Sect, and lastly, the Central Light Sect. All five of them are strong on their own, and possess powerful disciples and members, and each one has a sect master that maintains the entire sect as the pillar.

All five of these sect elders, were actually not sect masters but the Elders that served them, who had come here to recruit promising younglings to their sects.

"So what do you think?"

"Which one are you joining?"

"Choose wisely!"

"You wont be able to go back after that… I think."

"Choose quickly."

"Hmmm… Alright, which one of you five sects is the strongest and the one with the best opportunities?" I asked. I was being bold here, but quite frankly, I didn't cared.

"…!"

All five sect elders looked at one another in surprise, what did I meant by this?

Well, it was obvious, they already figured out I meant something very obvious, I meant to say which one was the better off the others! Which one was the best to join? After all, I am not going to join some trashy sect.

Also they had said I could be a spy from another sect, so there might be other sects, which are simply lesser compared to the cardinal sects…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 249 - Adorable Daughters


-----

I had asked the question to the sect elders. Which one was the best?

They all began to discuss desperately after that, as if they were all children. They would never admit their sect was weaker than others, of course, this would only bring discord between the two and might even bring them to fight one another even more.

But I was testing if they were really as childish as I had thought, it would be dangerous to join a sect composed of childish people after all, all five of them ended fighting against one another over my question. They really wanted to have me as their new disciple.

I didn't really mind joining any of them, but I wanted to see…

Between all five of them, there was actually someone calmer than the others, an old man with short azure-colored beard.

He looked at the other four discussing like children while sighing, he was tired of this stupid discussion, it seems.

"I'll join the South Water Sect." I said.

"What?!"

All four of the sect elders looked at me in disbelief, as the calm old man looked surprised, looking at me while trying to find if what I had said was the truth.

"Y-You're really okay with that?" he asked.

"Yeah, Xijun, come. We are joining this old man instead." I said.

"Okay." Xijun was expressionless as ever, and simply nodded a little bit as she reached my side and stared at the old man.

"Nice to meet you." She said.

"I am glad to have both of you in my humble sect." said the old man.

After the entire sect event was over, we were moved with other recruits into an Inn to stay over for the night, as we would be traveling back to the sect in the morning of the next day.

The other sect recruits were mostly all quite small and young, and were timid to even speak with us, but that was for the better, I wouldn't really want to waste my time talking with anyone.

I am just going to use the sect to learn more about this world and perhaps grow stronger as well, using the resources they hold and all of that, although we'll probably not even obey them as much as the sect would want us to obey, but that's what they'll get for recruiting us anyways, so don't blame me, blame yourself!

"This sect is about water, right? Maybe I can learns some new techniques out of it." said Xijun.

"I would guess that it would be good for you, I think you could have a pretty good compatibility with this sect, indeed." I said.

"Yeah, I am looking forward to getting there, I am nervous of moving out, but maybe I am getting used to this pretty easily." Said Xijun.

"Well, let's enjoy the meal and then go to sleep in our room." I said.

"Sure…!"

We enjoyed the delicious food in here, which was mostly seafood, and then we went into our designed room, which had two beds, the beds were actually quite comfortable, showing that this place was most likely one where only rich people would usually stay. Perhaps the sect had benefits, of course.

As I went to sleep, I was inside of my Divine Realm with my second body enjoying a day with my family. It has been a few days since they were born, but my two little daughters, Valentina and Fran were crawling around the floor rapidly.

Valentina was Anna's daughter, and she was obviously half squirrel-kin beast-woman. Her tail was still small, but it was already fluffy and adorable, and her little legs crawling around the floor also looked very cute.

"Dadaaa!"

Valentina reached to me as I sat down over the floor, as she hugged my leg.

"Ooohh?! Did she just said daddy?" asked Anna in shock, her eyes opening wide. She had been recovering from giving birth and now felt almost completely fine. Although the power she had lost had not come back completely, she was slowly regaining it while leveling up from time to time, which also boosted this through the roof.

"Indeed, she just said that! I heard her… Valentina, did you said dada?" I asked.

Valentina looked at me with her big and glowing crimson-red eyes, as she smiled cutely, showing the little squirrel tooth growing over her upper jaw.

"Da… da!" she said again, twitching her squirrel ears.

"Uwaaahh! My cute daughter is the best! You'll grow into such a fine little lady!" I said, as I hugged my little Valentina.

"Let me hug her too!" said Anna, as I gave our daughter to her, and Anna hugged her. As fellow parents, we were both obsessed with our little daughter.

"D-Damn, she's really just the cutest." Sighed Anna.

"Pap…"

However, Fran who was crawling around elsewhere while her butterfly wings flapped aimlessly without being able to lift her off the ground, suddenly also said a very suspicious word!

"F-Fran?!" I asked, looking at the girl, she smiled at me.

"Pap!"

She jumped over me with all her strength, suddenly managing to lift herself off the ground for a few seconds.

"T-There!"

Kireina managed to catch her before she were to fall, I was just going to catch her too, but she ended doing it first.

"Pap! Pap! Pap!" Fran began to say those words while touching my nose. I kissed her adorable cheeks and forehead.

"Fran-chan, you're really just the cutest too…" I sighed.

"Isn't she? She's a bliss!" said Kireina.

"Dada!"

"Pap!"

Valentina and Fran began to fight for my attention, as the two said my "name" or well, whatever they meant, although I liked to think that they were trying to say "daddy" and "papa", but who knows? Maybe they're just saying nonsensical words.

Nonetheless, spending time with my daughters is really just the best.

The two little girls were growing steadily every day, and I can't help to see them grown up, although deep down I also don't want them to grow up and would prefer if they just stayed as babies… Sigh.

"Baaah!"

Suddenly, Fran released a shadow bullet from her mouth, clashing it in the floor.

BOOMM!!!

They had also begun to develop some powers…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 250 - A Day Off


-----

I concentrated most of my mind into my divine realm for most of the part tonight, as I spent time with my family happily. It was such a bliss to have this haven inside of my soul where I can just spend nice time with them without bothering about anything else…

I had left Cuco outside though, I wasn't so sure that things would be fine and even Xijun might be ambushed at night. I didn't cared much about my own safety as my body would easily survive any blow, but I was worried about Xijun, so I left Cuco with her.

Cuco had taken a liking on Xijun almost instantly and was always licking her face the moment the two meet. As of now that big black cat was sleeping in her bed while purring, she seemed to like his warm and black fur, and slept leisurely on the embrace of his soft belly.

Just thinking about Cuco and how he grew up into such a strong and powerful beast makes me all nostalgic, especially because even as he is now, he's still an adorable black cat that purrs when being petted and that enjoys sleeping for hours.

I had decided to leave him as a temporal guardian of Xijun, as he's also to meld into the shadows, he can easily hide from anything and even if he wants to look normal, he can reduce his size and resemble just a normal black cat for the most part, it's very useful!

Anyways, yesterday the girls had showcased some new powers, my two little princesses had showed up they had some knack for magic, conventional and natural magic with spells and all of that, not just skills.

Fran, the little half-fairy girl, had showed something else, as her wings glowed with bright black and purple light, from her mouth she unlashed a powerful attack, a bullet of shadow energy that was fired into the wall, breaking it apart easily, it also made our house, which was Gwendolyn, groan angrily a little bit before it regenerated the "wound". I had to apologize to her.

Valentina also showed magic in response to her sister, as if the two were competing or had forged a slight rivalry between sisters… the half-squirrel girl unleashed a wave of shadows in the shape of tentacles, which she threw everywhere.

These shadows entangled the chairs and the table around, lifting everything up… but then she lost control and they all fell. Well, I stopped them using Telekinesis, but that was also very dangerous.

I cannot let these two babies go around using magic frantically, especially because they might end up damaging each other like that, so I have to be careful and to not let them do anything stupid.

I had considered sealing the usage of mana completely from them, but that would be way too extreme, I just want them to grow into strong girls that can fend off by themselves, so teaching them magic from an early age would be a good thing.

The usage of Mana without the assistance of the System Skills is what I would call conventional magic. Xijun is able to conjure it and so everyone in this world of cultivation we arrived, which mixes it with western magic quite well. No, there are no mana cores here, but people do cultivate mana and other energies around their bodies, it is a very natural and also basic cultivation methods, but it works well, and it has let Xijun be amazing at her water magic.

Since I had started my journey that I relied in the Skills and Abilities of my System to fight, and I still do, to be honest, but now I've realized that I have so much Mana I can replicate things that Skills do without having to use skills.

Due to that, I discovered conventional magic. Which is pretty much shaping mana to your will through words, be it mental or physically speaking to them through chants. Chants build up runes which build up magic circles, all of them working together to make a spell, which is overly complicated.

But those capable of using magic without chanting such as me, are kind of special. By just visualizing the phenomena in our minds, we can use our magic to bring it forth. I seem to also have an affinity to all elements, so I began to discover I could use magic of all elements, even elements I had not been able to properly wield previously through skills and so on.

There wasn't anywhere where I could research spell casting, so I had just discovered how to make spells and so on by myself, making healing spells using nature and life magic, or making powerful land-changing spells using earth magic, and like that… it has been pretty fun to try out and find new spells to learn, although I feel like I've been ignoring my Skills lately, but its not like they can grow stronger or something they just remain like that. I had considered fusing them, though, which I might do in the future.

"Dada…"

Valentina suddenly pointed at what she did with her little index finger, there was a large pool of shadows in front of her with many tentacles and a small eye on it. this thing was very much alive, in a sense.

This was… Valentina's first ever summoned entity, I called it Shadow for short, and it was a creature that was pretty much a living shadow, nothing too complicated.

"Bbbrbbgbggb…"

The shadow released a strange and bizarre sound as it approached my beautiful little daughter, I felt a bit of fear of letting that thing touch my beloved daughter, but before I could do something, Anna crushed it with her leg.

CLASH!

"Gryyeggh…"

"I don't like this thing a tall! I couldn't let it approach our daughter." She sighed.

"I agree…" I sighed.

"Pap!"

And then Fran pointed out at what she was going to do, opening her mouth again, she blasted the sky with a massive beam…

BOOOOOMMM!!!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 251 - When Are We Finally Getting Into The Party?


-----

I had seen how my beloved Valentina had summoned her horrendous shadow monster with tentacles. I had praised her for showcasing her summoning powers so soon in her life, but Anna (with my approval) got rid of the abomination she had brought to this world for obvious motives, such as that it looked way too horrendous for it to be left alive. Or well, aside from that, it tried to approach her, and I don't want a disgusting thing to touch my beloved daughter.

So after Anna used her great strength to smash that thing into oblivion and Valentina looked at it with a bit of sadness, Fran suddenly stole the show once more, as she called up to me and pointed her finger into the sky, where she released a gigantic beam of chaotic darkness from her mouth.

Is she a dragon or something?! How come she can generate such deadly attacks from her mouth?!

BOOOOMMM!!!

The beam reached the sky and exploded over the sky, it hit a massive heaven layer in the sky, and opened a hole through it, which pierced through three layers of the heavens. The heavens were some kind of special area where the clouds became massive and "solid" and there were special ecosystems on them.

Well, Fran pierced three of these massive heavens with her beam, completely dwarfing Valentina's efforts. Although I still loved both, so this entire thing wasn't going to make me love the one with the better powers or something. I love both equally.

"Wow! Amazing job, Fran-chan! But don't do that again, it's very dangerous." Said Kireina, as she grabbed Fran from the grass floor where we were having a picnic.

"Pap… Papa!" Fran wanted my attention a lot, although she also loved her mother, she flew towards me and kissed me in the nose.

"Papa…" she said cutely, as she hugged me.

"Dada…" Valentina looked at her sister with a bit of jealously, as she extended her little hands towards me. I quickly held her upwards and had both of them in my arms.

The two girls looked at one another rather defiantly. I had not expected them to begin some sort of rivalry at such a young age… I wish they could be like the children of Kireina in her original novel, where they always get along! But they seem to be building a rivalry.

What can I do for them to stop? Rivalry between siblings is not really good, especially because it ends up building distance between the two. If the girls transform that rivalry into something worse, they'll ultimately stop being sisters and would become enemies! And that's not good, family has to be family, not enemies with one another…

"Girls don't fight, papa is here for all two of you." Said Kireina.

"That's right, you two are sisters, you're connected through blood and a family bond, don't compete for papa's love." Said Anna.

"Papa…"

"Dada…"

The two girls looked at me and then at their mothers, and seemed to understand a bit.

"You don't have to show around your powers if that's just to call my attention, alright? Although I would love to see more, you two are amazing!" I said.

"Aahh!"

"Ooh!"

The two girls seemingly understood my words, and their adorable and shiny eyes shone brightly as they heard my praises. The two girls were the most precious and adorable things there could be. I can't believe they're my daughters, but there are some features within them that do look like mine and of their mothers…

To think that there would be one day I would actually have children… it still feels surreal. But my wives are really their mothers, and they're really also my wives… my summons turned into such a beautiful thing in my life. I am so happy that I had summoned them… back then…

"Ah, they're happier now. I am relieved… I hope they don't get to become rivals. We should still teach them every little thing so they grow up to be fine ladies." I said.

"Indeed! We'll teach them how to smack some monsters with a good axe." Said Anna.

"And I will teach her how to wield the primordial essence of chaos so she can destroy her enemies!" said Kireina.

"Ahahaha… I-I mean, more normal things… Not like I will stop you, I guess that's also essential to an extent… But not completely." I sighed.

"Oh, I mean- Y-Yeah! We'll teach them how to be fine little girls too, so they won't get ahead of themselves and all of that. It would be dangerous if they grow like that." Said Anna.

"N-Naturally! And I will teach them how to cook too. Not only Fran but also Valentina. I see both of them as my daughters." Said Kireina.

"Same, I also see Fran-chan as my little daughter…" said Anna.

"That's such a relief to hear… I am so happy to have you girls with me… Anyways, maybe we should begin eating now, I am starving." I said.

"Oh, alright then!"

Kireina quickly brought several plates with grilled meat she had been preparing in the side. We were having a family picnic as of now, only the five of us. Like always, we made up a lot of prepared food to enjoy the beautiful day in the grasslands of my divine realm, we were above a small hill right at the side of a big tree giving us a lot of shade, so we felt pretty well.

The sun was shining brightly atop the sky, and the breeze was just right… it was refreshing and cold, contrasting the warmth of the sunlight, but not too much, so we were enjoying this pretty well. It all felt so nice I couldn't believe it.

This… really hits the spot, actually! I don't want to move from here, ever! Forever…

"Alright, time to eat!" said Kireina.

"What do we got here?" I wondered.

"Mostly a lot of the meat you've been hunting outside, dear. Oh! Talking about that, how's things doing outside? when are we finally getting into the party?" asked Kireina with a gentle smile.

"Ah… Well…"

------

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 252 - Enjoying A Picnic


-----

As we were enjoying the day inside my divine realm, we had a picnic using all the dinosaur meat I've been stacking up inside my Inventory from the outside world. The energy that this meat and its raw materials were all amazing, the skin, scales, claws, fangs, and bones of these giant dinosaurs were also amazing crafting materials, and I had a lot of pilled up stuff for Anna to one day help me out convert into fine equipment or upgrade my already existing equipment, but there's no rush regarding that and I don't want to put any pressure on her in that regard either.

The meat was filled with energy, the energy of this Universe doesn't seem so different from the one in my Universe. Perhaps the entire dimension shares the same "type" of energy but its called and utilized differently in each area of the Dimension. Universes could be said to eb their own self-contained bubbles filled with Galaxies and Planets, and each one is like a bubble, where there are many Universes everywhere within the Dimensional Membrane.

I remember that dream I had where I met the Dimensional Core, it seems that there are conscious cores in every Galaxy, Universe, and Dimension, even.

Apparently very Galaxy has a certain level of intelligence and power, although the youngest ones have weaker Galaxy Cores… well, not like I will ever get to see them any time soon now that I am confined in this Azure Planet until I can break through the heaven layer and explore further.

There are also World Cores which each Planet can develop, but for that they require to have life on them… and then there are stars… I don't know about stars nor if they got physical crystalline cores, although it would be interesting to find out… one day, I guess.

Anyways, each place got their own Cores, a universe by itself also has one, Universe Cores, my goal would be to one day collect these ones to powerup, but wouldn't it be better to begin collecting Planets, then Stars, then Galaxies, right? So I have to go in order before I can meet the Dimensional Core and absorb it too… I remember that the tentacle we fought originates from an entity of Dimensional Proportions, the Dimensional Core called it Dimensional Ruler.

Dimensional Rulers are powerful beings that had completely absorbed their own Dimension and the Dimensional Core, becoming the Hegemony of their Dimension, each corner of such Dimension is their body in a sense, and there's nothing that can escape from it. this Dimensional Ruler had begun since the Ragnarök to devour other Dimensions interior slowly, absorbing their energy for nourishment.

I suppose Dimensional Rulers can easily absorb all the energy from any Dimension… But anyways, a Dimension probably only has a single type of energy it shares everywhere… but I am different because I've absorbed the energy from other dimensions that had attacked Earth back then, I got Beast Ki, Demonic Energy, and so on. But the fun part is that they all ended being assimilated into Mana at the end, so that's nice, while I still can develop the natures of these energies and converge them with my own Mana as well, which is even nicer.

This moves us to our current discussion and topic, the meat of this Universe, although it feels a tad bit alien, it still possible to be eaten by us, and we had been enjoying it pretty happily. My summons and my babies can eat it without problems, also the other humans that are my allies, and my tamed monsters, so everyone had been eating this energy-rich energy. We had hunted so many of these beasts because they gave a shit ton of EXP and I really wanted it to level up and become stronger, I had leveled up 8 times during that period all thanks to killing these strong beasts, although I can't say it was the easiest, if it were easier, I would had slaughtered even more to level up faster after all.

But in this Universe, specifically in this planet, my power is being suppressed by the strong Laws of this world, so I cannot completely go all crazy on it… but maybe this would change if I could get my hands into a Universe Core, with an Universe Core inside of me, I could govern my own Laws and even use them to oppose other Universes Laws… but well, that's discussion for another day in the far future.

For now, even as a Supreme God, I am still a rookie, so I cannot really hurry things up and end up tripping over and dying in the process, I am a slow progressor! I swear!

…Well, not really.

"Gustav?"

Kireina asked me again, I had begun thinking so many things I seemed to be spacing out.

"Ah! Of course, I will bring you girls and everyone else outside at its due time… I-Its not like I am excluding you from my adventures…" I said.

"I don't know but that seems to be clearly the case! You're cheating on having two bodies, one outside and one inside, so you make it seem as if you're always with us, but you're still having adventures outside… that's unfair! I also wanna go…" sighed Kireina.

"Same, I also want to go outside and meet that new world of Azure, it looks interesting. And the little Xijun might be a nice daughter candidate. She's strong, but I fear you might end up seducing her or something… You often don't realize how handsome you are." Sighed Anna.

"Eh? Xijun doesn't look at me like that! I am like her uncle, or better, a big brother! I only see her as my little sister or an adoptive daughter at most, don't get it wrong, girls… Come on…" I laughed nervously.

"Hmmm… Fine! We can wait a bit more, but what's really delaying you from bringing us there?" asked Kireina while raising an eyebrow.

"Yeah, you've not been clear in that regard, it makes it seem as if we were just party poopers for you or something." said Anna.

"Ah… Girls… Don't get so angry…" I sighed.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 253 - Surprise At Night


-----

My two wives were rather angry over my last decisions, but can you blame me? The reason why I cannot easily bring them outside are actually a crap ton, I am worried about them but also about the other summons and the humans in here, bringing them outside is dangerous, it already took me a lot of courage.

There are reasons that I had considered here for all this time, but the first of them regarding Anna and Kireina is that I couldn't bring them outside because they're weakened, after giving birth, they ended rather weakened because they transferred a massive chunk of their power to our daughters, although they're recovering this power steadily, they spent a long time pregnant, so their skills and techniques were growing rusty, and now they need to practice some more to get back up.

Due to that, bringing them outside would be a suicide because the monsters we were fighting were all supreme-god level, and I was worried about them, now that they had become part "flesh" and were not purely energy, I feared that they might not be completely immune to stuff and could actually die and not respawn… which is a horrible thing to imagine.

So I was very worried about them… I told this to them of course, as one of the reasons.

"Oh… So that was it?" asked Kireina.

"Dear you shouldn't worry about that, we are still strong even after giving birth!" said Anna.

"Yeah! I can shapeshift into a mass of flesh, how can you be worried about me?" asked Kireina.

"I am worried…! You're not so strong anymore! You're still growing and developing your power and regaining it back, don't get so cocky too… I am just worried, if I lose you two… I… I don't know what I will do…" I sighed.

"Maybe we could test if we can respawn or not…" said Kireina.

"No! Don't dare do it, its better not to test anything." I said.

"Can't the system tell you if we can or not?" asked Anna.

"You still show up as summons… so I don't know. But better to never find out if there's a possibility of you two actually just dying, right?" I sighed.

"I-I guess… Well, we had gained some more power after leveling up, and we are now developing pure magic too, alongside our divinities, so we should be fine!" said Kireina.

"Indeed, bring us outside next time…" said Anna.

"A-Alright, fine… But don't get over the top with Xijun, and I also have to find a good way to introduce you girls to her and the sect we are joining soon, it will be a hassle. Well, they already know I am a Summoner so that MIGHT help, or might not." I sighed.

"Hmm, well, let's hope things go well, no point in getting all down, dearie." Said Kireina, as she kissed me lovingly.

"I-I guess you're right." I said.

"Indeed, we'll go through all of this together like a family, alright?" asked Anna, she kissed me right afterwards too.

"Of course… It still a bit hard for me to believe we area already a family…" I sighed.

"Fufu~ Happy to finally have wives and children? You've really achieved way beyond what you could had ever hoped to get before all this happened." Said Kireina while winking back at me.

"I guess you're right in that…" I sighed happily.

"Hmm~ How about we try to have a boy next?" asked Anna with a coquettish smile. I suddenly felt a strong pressure in my entire body… I looked at Valentina and Fran and felt like this was enough for now.

"T-This is enough for now… But I will think about it." I said.

"Alright! Okay then~" said Kireina.

"So? What other reasons you had aside from the one you explained to us, by the way?" asked Anna.

"Well… My other reason was that it would be too flashy, I had Xijun at my side and showing her how I could bring literal people out of thin air was a bit too much for her, I think… But Maybe I overexaggerated there and that wasn't really the case. Nonetheless, I have already decided to bring you out soon, alongside the girls and probably the rest. I already showed the power to summon three beasts, so I will slowly show more and more, gradually, that way it won't feel weird." I said.

"Sounds like a good idea, I guess, you're smart, dear, so you'll get it right." Said Kireina.

"Smart sometimes but you still act like a goof another times… Well, you still showcased your power and looked badass there, so I am giving you thumbs up for that." Said Anna.

"Since when did you became so rude?" I sighed.

"S-Since I fused with another girls? Well, their personalities and natures stuck to me a bit, but I am still the good ol' Anna…!" said Anna.

"You also say that we are special and we can treat you carefreely and without caring about respect or stuff like that, so we are more freer in our speech…. You want us to go back?" wondered Kireina while raising an eyebrow.

"Maybe I am teasing you way too much and you can't take it~?" sked Anna.

"That's not it… Anyways, I guess that's- Huh?!"

"Hm? What's wrong?"

"Gustav?"

Suddenly, in the outside world, someone began to crawl around our room and decided to enter through the window! It was… no, they were three people?! They carried knives and were about to attack us!

I quickly opened my eyes in my second body in the planet of Azure, as I Cuco already woke up and roared back at them.

"ROAR!"

"W-What? A cat?!"

"Kill it!"

"Shit, that aura…!"

As I was having a picnic with my family in my other body, my second body in Azure quickly realized something was happening, a group of people had infiltered the room. I wasn't able to detect them in time before they got here because they moved incredibly quickly, and my senses were dulled while putting my mind into my second body inside my divine realm.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 254 - Attack At Night!


-----

As I was having a picnic with my family in my other body, my second body in Azure quickly realized something was happening, a group of people had infiltered the room. I wasn't able to detect them in time before they got here because they moved incredibly quickly, and my senses were dulled while putting my mind into my second body inside my divine realm.

However, I was able to detect them nonetheless, and Cuco was already roaring at them back and unleashing his powerful divinity across the room. Xijun was sleeping for some reason, as if she was unbothered by everything… seriously this girl has a very heavy sleep.

The three men that had entered the room in the middle of the night were covered in black robes. When I tried to check their status, I found that I couldn't see through their information completely, as if they were hiding it! but how come? Do they know I have a System, or are there other abilities in this world that let others discern the powers and abilities of one another?

They looked like typical assassins, carrying big and poisoned knives coated in darkness, and their auras were concealed with powerful abilities, but I could feel through the energy contained within them that they were at least at Great God-level, almost as strong as the Elders.

However, Cuco had woken up before me, and unleashed his strong aura, he was the closest beast I had to Supreme God-level of power, so he was extremely strong.

"ROAR!"

Cuco roared, as his shadow aura encompassed the entire room and generated tentacles of shadows, directing them at the assassins.

"W-What? A cat?!"

"Kill it!"

"Shit, that aura…!"

The tentacles were fast, and caught them off guard, throwing them into the ground as Cuco hit the legs, but the Assassins quickly got back up and began to unleash magic and techniques.

I couldn't let them damage Xijun, I noticed they were purposedly trying to target her from all things, I quickly decided to extend my Divine Aura around her and created a barrier, their attacks couldn't get through although they were able to slowly crack and shatter the barrier, I had to summon backup if I could properly protect her.

"Wisp, Crimson!"

I summoned Wisp and Crimson right away, as the two powerful beasts emerged out of magic circles of summoning. Then, I used Summoning once more, bringing forth several elemental spears made out of my divine aura.

"Who are you?!" I asked. I looked at the three men who were fighting against Cuco and evading his attack, as Wisp and Crimson joined the battle and quickly began to push them away.

"We are here to slay that girl!"

"H-How strong are these beasts?!"

"Shadow Slash!"

FLASH!

One of the assassins charged enormous quantities of energy and unleashed a barrage of slashing attacks towards Xijun's barriers, but Cuco intercepted him as he overcharged his claws with poison and darkness, unleashing a series of slashing attacks. Both slashing attacks ended clashing against one another, forming explosions which began to shake the entire room and broke apart the ceiling and everything around us.

BOOOMMM!!!

The three assassins tried to use this opportunity to chaos and commotion to attack Xijun again while evading my monsters and my attacks, two of them attacked the barrier at once, while another flew behind me at an amazing speed and tried to slash my throat with his powerful daggers.

"Die!" he roared.

FLASH!

SLASH!

"Huh?!"

However, he only slashed empty air as I Summoned myself behind him! I quickly summoned a massive elemental spear right next to him, piercing his chest and then making it explode in a flash of bright elemental light.

"W-What?! Nnngggaaaaggggh!!!"

BOOOM!!!

His entire body exploded into pieces in that very moment, as the other two assassins didn't even looked at their ally die and broke apart my barrier while I was being distracted, however, Cuco jumped over the two and Wisp entangled them with its body, Scarlet threw spiderweb over them and the trio overwhelmed the two, throwing them away from the entire building.

"Guuuaaggh..!"

"Unnaaggh…!"

I saw that Xijun was okay, as I left several barriers over her and the trio guarding over her, while I quickly went to pursue the surviving two assassins, as I sensed that they decided to retreat, they had miscalculated my strength, it seems.

I began to follow them over in the middle of the night, there was already a game-like automatic map at the side of my vision which I had used to map the entire town before coming to sleep in the room with Xijun. I quickly began to jump over the rooftops of this medieval Chinese-like city, following the two shadowy figures run away.

They began to throw Kunai and Shuriken at me, infused with darkness and poison constantly, but I easily threw them away using my spear and pursued them further, quickly deciding to use Summoning once more, Summoning myself right at the side of one of them and unleashing a dozen of thrusts using my spear at once, infused with various elements, it resembled a rain of rainbows falling over the man covered in shadows and robes.

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"GUUUAAGGGH…!"

He was easily impaled all over his body and fell into the ground in a bloody mess, the other had used this time to escape further away from me, sweating continuously while gritting his teeth, in an instant I Summoned myself at his side too, but he managed to detect me, unleashing a blast of darkness against me and pushing me down!

BOOM!!!

Right after that, he jumped over me with his two knives and unleashed a powerful barrage of slashing techniques, but I easily intercepted them with my spear techniques, and left several wounds over his body in the meantime.

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"It's over!" I said.

"Uunngh….! W-What… are you?!" he muttered, as he fell over the ground and died on the spot.

I didn't had to answer any question. I picked up both corpses and stored them in my Inventory, after that, I quickly Summoned myself back to where Xijun was. She had finally woken up and seemed confused, the people in the entire Inn were also confused as hell…

Just what was this all about?

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 255 - Mysterious Assassins


-----

I had brought the corpse of the Assassins to the Elder of our new Sect, the Water Sect or whatever it was called. The old man had inspected the corpses while we evacuated the half-destroyed building and we moved to another Inn. He had paid for all the destruction as he took responsibility for it.

"How odd, I didn't knew there was someone that could wield such power and even sneak around… these beings of such high power were acting as measly assassins? This only means that there are other people way above them controlling this… But why? What did they wanted to do with Xijun?" wondered the old man, glancing down at Xijun who seemed rather oddly calm over the situation.

"I don't know but don't you have some way to discern who they are? Look at their faces, can't you recognize them from somewhere? What about their uniforms? Or anything within their bodies?" I asked.

"N-No, I don't recognize any of these men, they're mysterious. I don't even know what uniforms they might belong to, there is no particular thing that might differentiate them from general assassin or rogue uniforms used in most sects." Said the Elder.

"Ah, you're such a useless old man, Xijun here almost got attacked by these bastards and the only answer you can give me is that you don't know? Do you have a death wish, old man?!" I asked, grabbing the man's neck, I was furious beyond belief. I had not experienced such things before in my life on Earth, and grew restless by the thought of someone wanting to assassinate us while we sleep. Is there even a safe place in such a situation?

"Unggh…! I… I really don't know!" cried the Elder. Easily knowing I was more powerful than him, I encompassed my divinity over his entire body as if pressuring him to speak. He tried to fight me off with his own divine powers, but they were like a house cat compared to a lion.

"Gustav, stop… That's enough… He really doesn't know." Said Xijun, touching my arm with a bit of strength. Her eyes looked sharp; she was serious.

"You're protecting him after…? Fine." I sighed, as I let him go. After all he was going to lead us to our new temporary sect, I couldn't really treat him like this. I had indeed simply become way too temperamental, I had to calm myself down.

"Thanks for saving me…" said Xijun, as she hugged my stomach out of nowhere.

"Xijun?" I asked, surprised over her sudden showcase of affection.

"I… I was sleeping very profoundly because I was having a strange dream… I couldn't wake up even when I felt that there was a fight going on outside… I was scared…" she sighed.

"What? You were having a strange dream… But how was it? W-What did you see on it?" I asked.

"I… I don't know, I saw darkness, darkness in all places trying to devour me completely… It was a scary dream… I don't want to experience it again… it felt as if my soul was being… held captive… there was someone trying to target me… something…" she sighed, as she suddenly became tear-eyed.

"C-Calm down… Everything is okay, alright?" I sighed, as I petted her head and she nodded faintly.

"Ungh… Cough… Cough…! P-Perhaps the perpetrators were trying to use some sort of Nightmare Magic to keep her in place while the assassins came to kill her… there are people capable of wielding such power around the world. They can keep people from waking up, leaving their bodies defenseless…" sighed the Elder.

"Oh… So that was it… You know something about those that can wield this power?" I asked.

"No, I've only heard rumors. But it is said that there are Evil Cultivators that use this Magic for assassinations…" sighed the Elder.

"You're really an useless old man…" I sighed, resisting the impulse of kicking him in the head.

"Agh… I am sorry. I am indeed useless… I am the Elder given the task of protecting the new disciples… and you both almost got killed while sleeping… T-This is all my fault…" he sighed.

I guess he wasn't all that idiotic, he recognized that this was indeed part of his responsibility… I guess things are not half bad then? I suppose he is salvageable.

"Sigh… What's your name, old man?" I asked.

"My name is Gespudo, usually they call me the Lord of Quivering Water… I am surprised you're interested in this old man." Sighed the Elder.

"Well its good to know your name at the very least…" I sighed.

"For now, I will erect a barrier, the strongest I can make around the Inn, if anyone else tries to get in, I will know and will come to help." He said.

"That won't do much as I am here, but sure, thanks for your consideration." I said.

"Hm, then I am leaving you on your own." Said the old man, walking outside of our room.

We were left in an awkward silence in the room, as I left Xijun to sleep over her new bed.

"Sleep for now, I'll stay awake through the night." I said.

"You sure?" she asked.

"Yeah, leave this to me." I said.

"…Okay. Sorry." She sighed.

"Don't worry, you sleep for now… Wait a moment." I said, as I touched her head and conjured a powerful protection spell against external magic.

"This should help you have good night." I said.

"Thanks…" Xijun said, as she cuddled over the bed and slept rather immediately.

I sighed, as I looked into the moon over the night sky.

I had tried to find the souls of the assassins. After all I am a Necromancer capable of raising Undead, seeing souls, capturing them, and more, doesn't seem too hard on my book. However, I wasn't able to find them. Their souls… however… I don't know how to exactly say this, but they were nowhere to be seen.

The souls were completely gone when they died…

Odd.

------

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 256 - A Lurking Abyssal Darkness


-----

In an unknown place filled with darkness, several figures gathered within the confines of this dark-filled place. Resembling an abyssal cave underground, these figures covered in shadows spoke in harsh and hoarse voices.

These figures had bright and sharp crimson-red eyes, many of them encompassed in pure shadows as their abyssal auras emerged from their bodies. They seemed to all be formidably strong. Divinities pouring out of them as if each one of them was like an ocean of darkness…

"The girl… We were not able to capture her…" said one of the figures, kneeling before the largest of them all sitting within a dark throne. Unlike the others, this entity only had a single crimson-red eye and many tentacle-like growths from his shadow aura, looking utterly abyssal.

"We used the powerful Divine Technique to bring her to sleep into a Soul-Trapping Nightmare where her body couldn't move through the duration of the assassination…" said another.

"But there was a factor we didn't took into consideration, the man… The man that the Key is with… he's strong. formidably strong. way stronger than he showed himself to be…" said a third.

"When we tried to use the Soul-Trapping Nightmare Divine Technique on him too, it didn't worked. It was as if he was immune to such powers…" said the first one again.

"However, we believed that our assassins, all of them at Great God-Realm, would had been able to defeat him…" said a second.

"But we were wrong, it… it failed." Sighed the third.

"Hmmm… You're telling me that this man the Key is hanging around with is capable of singlehandedly defeat three Great God-Realm Assassins infused with Divine Equipment and Weapons capable of destroying souls… and that he's even immune to our divine techniques regarding nightmare manipulation?" asked the figure sitting over the throne of darkness.

"Y-Yes…"

"Gggrrr… To think that there would be a day we would fight against such a formidable foe… is he a hidden old monster? Perhaps he's another of the Ancient Sages that is trying to protect the Key…" said the leader.

"Another Sage?! But I am sure that… All the Sages were defeated long ago, the last one also succumbed at the end out of the Life-consuming Curse! The power granted to us by the Shadow Dimension is capable of many things, it's impossible that one of them would be alive after we used such powers granted to us for the domination of this Dimension!" said another figure.

"But this seems to be wrong! There is another with the power that can fight against our strength! The Dark Shadow Dimension is expecting us to activate the Key by slaying its vessel… we cannot take too much time doing nothing!" said the leader.

"We cannot let them wait any longer, our lords from the Dark Shadow Dimension…!" said another.

"We had been here for years, slowly trying to take down all four of the Sages protecting the Key and its Vessel, and now that she finally walked outside of the Divine Grotto left by the Ocean Sage and we were finally able to dispose of her… Someone else shows up and ruins our plans! How frustrating… What is destiny anymore?! Who is this man anyways? Who brough him here?!" asked the leader.

The figures all began to talk with one another as they showed their leader a projection made by the memories of the assassins, which they retrieved to their own hideout through special items. They knew that there were methods to catch souls and read their memories, so they simply teleported the souls back to them after these assassins died.

In the projections, it showed Gustav fighting with the power of his abilities, the power of his Supreme Summoning was the most interesting and insane of them all, however, the power of his Summoning powers, his fantastical spear, his aura of spiritual elemental spears, and more were all outstanding, and to boot, his body seemed indestructible as it glowed with bright energy as if he had been shaped and forged by the dimension itself…

Who was this man, really?

Everyone was left speechless as they saw Gustav's incredible performances. His amazing usage of powers was incredible beyond believe. What he was able to do was amazing and it left all those that watched speechless.

Even the leader looked while squinting his enormous eye, looking at how Gustav teleported around through Summoning himself, and then even summoning his own enemies near him… they also saw how he had the power to summon these three powerful beasts… which one of them had been left protecting the Key and its Vessel…

Everyone analyzed his power and his abilities, his energy, his divinities, his aura… and they simply couldn't comprehend it well. It was as if he had come from a completely different universe or something!

And well, he did!

"This Origin… This man's presence… the power he has… what is he?!" asked another of them.

"He has another power dwelling within him, some sort of aura of energy… an Universal Essence we cannot properly discern! What… what are they?!" asked another.

"I don't know but… this means bad news. This man's strength seems formidable. We cannot easily deal with him if we send some measly assassins… our next attack must be coordinated well. We cannot risk another lose." Said another.

"Indeed! We cannot risk another lose, we must do everything we can to defeat them at all cost… Our Dark Shadow Dimensional Lords are asking for the Key! We cannot disappoint them!"

"We must work hard and use their gifted powers… at all cost!"

The figures seemed to be decided to fight with everything they had… Gustav was completely unaware of the chaos that was brewing behind his back as these figures started to plan his demise in his back, gathering their power and resources for an ambush using a more meticulous and detailed approach!

Would Gustav be able to fight against these beings and prevail?

Meanwhile, within a completely different dimension, many monstrous entities of grotesque appearances made of darkness and shadows seemed to be looking at everything in silence…

"…"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 257 - Discussion


-----

I had left Cuco sleeping with Xijun this night. Just like before, my adorable cat happily protected Xijun with his big body and she felt warm by sleeping over his fluffy and coiled body. Cats are the cutest when sleeping, my Cuco had not stopped being an adorable and fluffy cat even now that he was so massive and powerful.

I woke up and caressed his fur for a bit, he was very warm and it made me wish I could just say with him like this forever… I looked into the window and the sun rose from the horizon. It seems that a new day had come once more and there were hopefully no problems anymore.

However, I couldn't help but think this over and over again as I pondered who could these people had been and what did they exactly wanted? They just wanted to kill her and that's all? They wouldn't go to such lengths just because of that.

They surely want something out of it, something out of killing Xijun. A prize, maybe? Something else…? Something within her?

Does Xijun has some sort of special inheritance or ability within her that they can steal if they kill her? Perhaps there's… some sort of sealed item? Or something else? I am mostly just thinking this without much thought put into it, I am rather confused as what it could truly be, but perhaps Xijun is someone even more special than I had originally thought….

Yes, even more special than before, much more special… Which only brings me more confusion as to what could all of this be. She was raised by a powerful and mysterious old man after all, she fills all the checkmarks for having a mysterious past and some power, an hidden power dwelling within her that makes her unique and plot-relevant.

If we make it seem as if this all was like a Novel, then Xijun is special in this sense. Using my Novelist Techniques, I can already discern she's somewhat of a protagonist herself. Someone very strong that doesn't want to show off her power for some motive. She says that its because her grandfather taught her to not be cocky or something.

But perhaps there was a reason behind this. he wasn't just doing it to leave her be humble. Perhaps if Xijun goes truly all out, this hidden power, or object, or whatever it might be, could resurface from her own body and emerge once more…

So maybe the reason behind not going all out is not using these secret powers which the assassins wants? Ugh, my head hurts. I am simply speculating. I should really ask her directly…

As of now, I was inside of my Divine Realm. Some time had passed inside, and I had spent the rest of the day yesterday in the picnic with my family. I decided to not tell them about this thing until today in the morning, when I gathered with my wives, my two beloved daughters, Ervas, Vudia, Natasha, and others of my allies, including a few of the humans.

This also included Gaia and Mars, who had joined with us as two small floating spheres of bright blue and bright red color. With this, our council was formed. In here were all my trusted aides and closest allies. They were not many as some of my charismatic characters in my novels had them, but they were enough.

Our council was formed right away and everyone was around us. I quickly explained them all the thoughts I previously had within my own mind as I was pondering them in Azure.

"I see, so that could be the case. Xijun… this girl, you said that she was raised by her Grandpa?" asked Ervas.

"Yes, her grandpa… she said her grandpa was incredibly strong, and he was able to easily beat her, who is a monster by itself… her grandfather was surely someone way above us in power level, someone of incredibly might and knowledge." I said.

"Interesting… and he died?" asked Natasha. The demon I had gotten from the Demonic Tower from Earth. She had joined us now as I trusted her enough. it wasn't as if she could run away. And she might provide special knowledge.

"Indeed, he died rather miserably. Out of old age, apparently… Xijun was devasted by this. But isn't it weird for someone so strong to die out of old age? It's very strange, couldn't he extend his life or make a ghost out of his soul to remain with her?" I wondered.

"Yes, I think so the same. Something weird might had happened there… Perhaps her grandfather was targeted by some kind of power, some kind of curse, maybe? Something that consumed him slowly could had done it." said Kireina. Her eyes became sharp.

"I think so too… Maybe this is why it died? And he was protecting her and now he doesn't… and she was particularly shy about walking outside the beach, right? You also said that the beach was weird, as if time there wasn't quite right, and the monsters difference in power was very apart from the ones you found outside, right?" asked Anna.

"Yeah… What does that has to do?" I wondered.

"Oh, I get it!" said Kireina.

"You too?" asked Anna.

"Ah…! Right! How come I didn't realized it?" wondered Natasha.

"W-What is it?" I asked.

"Her grandfather was protecting her from the outside world. That place where you landed and where she was... which was desertic of people until you walked very far away from the beach… It could had been something like a different space, another realm left by her grandfather to keep her safe from the outside world…!" said Anna.

"W-What? That's quite the big assumption but… It makes some sort of sense?" I said.

"And then she was almost killed by these people because they finally sensed that she walked away from this beach… meaning that she is indeed important, as if she were a precious item, some sort of holy item that she is… some sort of… thing." Said Natasha.

They're… partially right. There must be something that connects everything. I wonder if Xijun would answer me if I asked her.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 258 - Some Level Ups


-----

We had chatted for a while in this meeting, discussing a lot of possible outcomes and many other things that could be the reason behind all of this, although without proper proof, we are just assuming a lot of crap without any fundament.

But by connecting the dots, a lot of things begin to make sense while many others stop making any sense at all… it is honestly hard to do, but I am doing my best…

Honestly, I never thought I would end up getting involved into all of this, but I guess after being rescued by the girl when I was swallowed by a Black Hole and landing into this Universe without knowing… it was the least I could do for her.

I felt like she welcomed me in this mysterious and strange world and helped me recover from the slight trauma I felt by being destroyed by a black hole and then sent as a meatball into these oceans, while a giant sea dragon ate me and digested me over, I don't know how long…

So the least I could do for her was helping her out and protect her. She seems to be also growing closer to me, and I feel like I've become really like her father figure now. I'll protect Xijun while unraveling the mysteries of this new Universe… I feel like there's way more to explore and also way more to see.

I am also worried about the invaders, the Dimensions that attacked Earth might be attacking other Universes across our Dimension, so it's completely possible that they might show up in here too… We cannot really stay still and see them do whatever they please, right?

We have to move and fight…

After the entire conversation took place, we had decided to keep an eye on Xijun and her surroundings. I will be protecting her for the most part, but I will also begin to bring the rest outside as well.

For now, I had decided to check the System at long last, I had completely ignored it this entire time because I was so concerned about other things.

However, having slain these many Great God-Realm guys was bound to give me some EXP, even though it wasn't as much as the Supreme God-Realm Beasts we fought with Xijun in the beach.

Ding!

[Calculating EXP gained…]

[Your Level has increased 338 to Level 339!]

[Your Level has increased 339 to Level 340!]

[Your Level has increased 340 to Level 341!]

[Your Level has increased 341 to Level 342!]

[All your stats have increased]

Level 342… Still need almost 20 levels to change Classes again. Oh well, there's no hurry in that regard, I've already reached a point where leveling up becomes slow… my rapid beginnings had long be gone…

Well, perhaps if I can catch a big prey, I might level up faster, but for now this is more than enough for me, to be honest.

…

[Name: [Gustav]

[Race(s): [Abyssal Blood Vampire], [Transcendent Heaven Embryo]

[Elements: [All]

[Divinities: [Divinity of Spears], [Divinity of Sacred Golden Flames], [Divinity of Summoning], [Divinity of Blood], [Divinity of Heavens], [Divinity of Abyss]

[Daos: [Grand Dao of Summoning: 100% (Fully Assimilated)]

[Weapon Type: [Any]

[Orbs: [281]

[Gold: [38.000.000]

[Hero Feathers: [26.000.000]

[Hero Fragments: [20.000.000]

[Skill Points: [21.000.000]

[Job: [Supreme Summoner God]

[Job History: [Summoner], [Sorcerer], [Magic Knight], [Black Knight], [Phantom Sorcerer], [Necrotic Sorcerer], [Infernal and Spectral Flare Sorcerer], [Celestial Beast Orb Martial Artist], [Holy Spear Divine Warrior], [Sacred Beast Spirit Elemental Sorcerer Druid], [Divine Summoner Sorcerer of Sacred Blazing Sun Inferno], [Fallen Abyssal Dark Necromancer Warlock King], [Spiritual Divine Spear of Seven Sacred Flames Summoner Emperor], [Divine Spiritual Sacred Elder Dragon Summoner Demigod], [Abyssal Blood Vampire Summoner Demigod], [Heaven Transcendental Demigod], [Transcendental Heaven Buddha Demigod], [Transcendental Divine Heaven Summoner God], [Infernal Dark Abyssal Death Summoner God]

[Existence Rank: [Supreme God: Rank 1/9 (Peak Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Beast Orb Rank: [Golden Sacred Flame Chimaera Dragon: Supreme Heavenly Divine Spiritual Beast Realm (Peak Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Infernal Core Rank: [Heavenly White Infernal Essence Realm (Peak Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[Soul Cultivation: [Supreme Divine Primeval Soul Land Realm (Peak Stage)] (Rank Up!)

[System Rank: [Rank 4]

[System Functions: [Summon Gacha], [Quest Board], [Daily Dungeons], [Inner World], [Monster Hatchery], [Undead Graveyard], [Training Ground], [Dungeon Management], [Summon Fusion Shrine], [Skill Fusion Altar], [Mana Creation Factory], [Dao Monolith], [Law Comprehension Hall], [Dao Nourishing Elixir Spring]

[Level: [338/360] -> [342/360]

[Vitality: [128.000.000.000/128.000.000.000] -> [132.000.000.000/132.000.000.000]

[Mana: [216.000.000.000/216.000.000.000] -> [224.000.000.000/224.000.000.000]

[Strength: [78.000.000.000] -> [82.000.000.000]

[Magic: [136.000.000.000] -> [144.000.000.000]

[Dexterity: [98.000.000.000] -> [102.000.000.000]

[Attribute Particles]

[Basic Attributes: [Earth: 212.000], [Fire: 212.000], [Water: 212.000], [Wind: 212.000], [Space: 212.000], [Time: 212.000], [Life: 312.000], [Death: 412.000], [Dark: 212.000], [Light: 512.000]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 212.000], [Dream/Nightmare: 212.000], [Phantom: 212.000], [Blood: 412.000], [Poison: 212.000], [Soul: 512.000], [Nature: 312.000], [Thunder: 212.000], [Ice: 212.000], [War/Strength: 212.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 412.000], [Fate: 412.000], [Void: 212.000], [Law: 412.000], [System: 212.000]

[Composite Attributes: [Heaven: 100.000], [Abyss: 50.000], [Beast: 50.000], [Demon: 50.000], [Inferno: 50.000], [Spirit: 50.000], [World: 20.000]

[Comprehended Laws]

[Basic Laws: [Earth: 50%], [Fire: 50%], [Water: 50%], [Wind: 50%], [Space: 50%], [Time: 50%], [Life: 50%], [Death: 50%], [Dark: 50%], [Light: 50%]

[Diverged Laws: [Illusion/Emotions: 50%], [Dream/Nightmare: 50%], [Phantom: 50%], [Blood: 50%], [Poison: 50%], [Soul: 50%], [Nature: 50%], [Thunder: 50%], [Ice: 50%], [War/Strength: 50%]

[Greater Laws: [Chaos: 50%], [Fate: 50%], [Void: 50%], [Law: 50%], [System: 50%]

[Supreme Laws: [Heaven: 30%], [Abyss: 20%], [Beast: 20%], [Demon: 20%], [Inferno: 20%], [Spirit: 20%], [World: 10%]

…

Been a while since I looked into my stats, they had increased by a few billions… Ah, I remember when such quantities were less exorbitant. Now I don't even get surprised by seeing it increase by billions. I've really changed, huh? I've been an overconfident bastard in some things…

My Divine Realm seems to be stable, anyways, and things are doing fine. The crops are growing healthier, the massive forests had become even larger, making incredibly gigantic jungles, there are large trees growing here and there, and the planets I had stolen were flourishing with life as Gaia had helped me in the task of terraforming them like I am doing with Mars.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 259 - Assessing Things Out


-----

The Sun, the culprit behind getting dragged into this world was peacefully floating atop the skies without a care about anything, it had no life after all so it couldn't think about things nor feel sorry for me…

Of course, even the sun was getting populated, mostly of fire and volcanic monsters that are immune to fire and heat temperatures and can easily swim through lava and even plasma itself.

The entire sun could be said to be an oceanic world in that regard… an ocean of plasma, that's it. There are no solid objects there as everything just gets melted through the plasma ocean, so only swimming monsters live there. But there are already a few thousands of Lava Dragons which I had introduced in there.

As Summoner and through the power of Supreme Summoner, I can do a lot of crazy stuff now, creating life and even designing monsters is not so hard when I combine this power with the power of the dungeon inside my Divine Realm, which is capable of summoning monsters with enough Dungeon Points.

So as I fused everything together, I can now pretty much spend Mana and create life, all sorts of monsters, beasts, and so on, but when I kill them, they don't give me any EXP so I can't abuse this.

In fact, beasts created by me don't give EXP to anyone, only the ones that spawn inside the dungeon, and those cannot be easily changed by me.

Nonetheless I am already redefining how things used to work and I can easily create a living being capable of surviving and resisting the heat of the sun to populate it…

There are also special types of fish-like wyrms that swim around the plasma sea, and many other things, weird little critters that only go around swimming and eating plasma for sustenance.

The more the sun and the planets get populated, the more life energy flows around them and the more possibilities there is for this life energy to materialize into World Origin Cores inside of them, which I plan to use absorb and fuse with my soul and System like I did with Earth and Mars.

However, it would take thousands of years by just watching, even Gaia's core took eons to form, but she gained consciousness rather recently…

So what I've decided to do is use the power of my Time Attribute Particles, which I have hundreds of thousands already, and use them to utilize Time Magic! Indeed, I can easily use Time Magic now. It is as easy as breathing, all magic is easy now out of the sudden, without even being taught about it, I have so many attribute particles that the power of the elements merely flows naturally across my own body and soul.

By just willing it magic obeys me and shapes itself to my very desires. Because of this, I can easily will something and that something will become a spell of a certain element.

If I think about "healing" Life and Nature magic will come out and heal in the most efficient way, I can also mix them up or even do Fire Magic healing spells by just selecting another element.

If I think about attacking, all sorts of ideas about offensive spells using different elements come to my mind, I am no longer simply locked into my Skills to do things, although they're the easiest to use and the strongest right from the get-go, while magic might take some time to build up power as I have to imagine and think what I want it to do, while skills usage is just like a game, merely pressing the button brings the flashy attack and everyone dies, that simple…

However, all these elements can be wielded purely through Magic Conjuration, which seems to also exist in the Azure Planer where the Cultivators use Magic and Spells, and well, Divine Magic Techniques to fight for the most part. I have yet to see everything, but they also use magical weapons, armor, and so on, while still keeping mostly a Chinese cultivation aesthetic, which makes it seem rather odd…

But nonetheless, they don't have a system or anything to help them and these people merely cultivate Mana into their bodies from the start. They use concepts such as Mana Veins, the Mana Heart, Mana-Conducting Muscles, and so on, each technique can improve over time and ranks, helping them breakthrough to their next Realm through the upgrade of soul and body by the cultivation of both using Mana… although I've also sensed more than just Mana. Although Mana is the main source of power I've seen in magician-type cultivators, there is also Soul Energy or Aether, and then Stamina or Life Energy, sometimes called Ki. All these three energies are cultivated together I believe. Xijun has a lot of all three of them.

Although I seem to convert everything into my own version of game-like MP, I am pretty sure I am not an exception, I also have these elements within me.

Anyways, my current attribute particles are these…

[Earth: 212.000], [Fire: 212.000], [Water: 212.000], [Wind: 212.000], [Space: 212.000], [Time: 212.000], [Life: 312.000], [Death: 412.000], [Dark: 212.000], [Light: 512.000]

[Diverged Attributes: [Illusion/Emotions: 212.000], [Dream/Nightmare: 212.000], [Phantom: 212.000], [Blood: 412.000], [Poison: 212.000], [Soul: 512.000], [Nature: 312.000], [Thunder: 212.000], [Ice: 212.000], [War/Strength: 212.000]

[Greater Attributes: [Chaos: 412.000], [Fate: 412.000], [Void: 212.000], [Law: 412.000], [System: 212.000]

[Composite Attributes: [Heaven: 100.000], [Abyss: 50.000], [Beast: 50.000], [Demon: 50.000], [Inferno: 50.000], [Spirit: 50.000], [World: 20.000]

As you can see, each of these elements can be wielded by me if I want to, Earth, Fire, Water, Wind, Space, Time, life, Death, Dark/Shadow, Light, Illusions/Emotions, Dream/Nightmare, Phantom, Blood Poison, Soul, Nature, Thunder, Ice, War/Strength, Chaos, Fate, Void, Law, System, Heaven, Abyss, Beast, Demon, Inferno, Spirit, and World.

All of them are elements, and each element no matter what has magic with it, some rarer than others, but magic nonetheless… Now, what I want to do is speedup the time in these planets and the sun using Time and Space Magic so I can harvest my World Origin Cores quicker!

Time to find out if it works…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 260 - Accelerating Time


-----

Magic, an intricate thing that comes out as easily as breathing for me now. I can use every element I've discovered so far, but it gets messy when I want many things at the same time to occur, so I get a bit confused sometimes while trying to conjure the right thing to make.

As of now I want to make the planets and the sun go faster in time so they can generate their crystalline cores and give me a nice bump in power. I have the itch that doing this is an actual method of cultivating beyond Supreme God, as Gaia had stated through her research in the library of information within the Supreme Summoner System, there are Realms above Supreme Gods that I have yet to step on.

The Realm beyond Supreme Gods is said to be World Devourers. Beings beyond Worlds themselves, that devour worlds to grow stronger. I have to literally devour planets if I want to reach this stage in power…

Due to this, procuring a few of them here is ideal, although I will not literally eat them, but fuse my soul into them. …Maybe give them a little bite.

Anyways, for now, the problem is… making them go faster. I cannot sit and wait for them to ripe for me, that's just idiotic. I want them NOW. Or well, maybe in a few days, weeks, months? But not eons!

"Gaia, can you help me out generate a spell?" I asked.

"Yes, way ahead of you, guardian, I've already created a special conjuration using the vast majority of the elements you possess, this should be easy to make. This spell consumes a lot of Mana, but its effects are immediate and might speed up the process of each planet and the sun's time by a hundred times, if not thousands." Said Gai.

"Oh? I am all ears…!" I said.

"This spell is called Time Accelerating Dimension, it creates a special distortion in spacetime where each planet will be covered by a thin and transparent membrane of spacetime mana which will become a dimension, each dimension can speedup time. That's all." She said.

"I guess that's good enough. wait, can I use this to fight and turn my enemies into old men?" I wondered.

"I don't think so. The conjuration is tremendous, and its power is rather great. In the middle of a fight you won't be able to conjure it easily, even more, it takes a long time to make, and the entire thing might affect you or your allies. So I don't recommend using this one in specific, but you could try making other spells around its formula, but that's for later, Gustav, let's get to it. Do you have your Mana Potions ready?" asked Gaia.

"Yes, I am ready, let's do this." I said.

I suppose I cannot exactly use this spell, but we can certainly make up something smaller. The ability of time seems rather broken when combined with all other elements now that I think about it. I should really get to it and make up some Time Stopping Spell like The World…

Anyways, I flew into the space of my divine realm and reached each planet, as I conjured the spell with the help of Gaia. The formula was immensely big and complex, I wouldn't had been able to formulate that inside of my mind in a while, it might had taken me days if not weeks, but she did it in a few minutes, that's impressive. I feel like Gaia is literally a gigantic computer…

"Time Accelerating Dimension…"

I conjured the Spell once more, as a massive amount of Mana was consumed. I had been drinking Mana Potions of Supreme God-Realm I've been buying with millions of Gold from the Dungeon Shop, they can heal around 50% of my total Mana, which is already billions, so it worked amazingly well and with them I was able to do this multiple times. However, overusing such quantities of mana had left me a bit exhausted.

FLASH!

A massive amount of mana was used as a membrane of bluish transparent light covered the entire sun, it seemed to not be there, but the invisible mantle quickly appeared right there.

I quickly moved away and saw it happen; it was a rather beautiful thing. I suddenly noticed that, as I had conjured them all in the planets aside of Mars and Earth, they began to rotate incredibly fast, like a day was only 10 seconds… Soon enough, the crystals will begin to materialize as the life in these planets continue to proliferate quickly.

I could even see the life in there all moving, evolving, multiplying, and going through many disasters only to survive once more, the worlds were all filled with life, even the gas planets which shouldn't be capable of were harboring floating life of many shapes and sizes, which feed on each other or in the lightning and other energies produced by the clouds all around the entire planet. Some of them absorbed the gases themselves to synthetize them into sugars and other nutrients.

The Sun quickly got filled with its own monstruous beasts, there were many fire-based lifeforms that had begun to emerge, like fire spirits or something, and populated most of the place with great pace and energetic demeanor. They were constantly conquering the massive star and making it their home.

"In a few days… I think perhaps a few weeks, the cores should finally begin to materialize." Said Gaia.

"I see. Seems not so hard. Let's just wait then, I can't wait to finally get them…" I said.

"I can already see that you're very excited over it… Well, this is it, for now you should go rest and relax, you've used a lot of Mana, Gustav." Said Gaia.

"You're right, Gaia. Thanks a lot." said.

"Don't worry about it." said Gaia.

I flew back to my home where I greeted my family there, and using this body, I decided to sleep while cuddling with my two daughters.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 261 - Apologize!


-----

Meanwhile, as I had finished using the Time Accelerating Dimension Spell on the planets and the Sun inside my Divine Realm, I was using my second body to move around in Azure.

We had already departed this morning with Xijun and Cuco at my side, the other disciples that were recruited into the Ocean Sect or whatever its name is (something related with water, I don't really care that much), were accompanying us as we were moving through a large flying vessel, indeed a ship you would only see in the seas was carrying us to our destination.

It looked like a very well taken care wooden ship, but it was completely infused with Magic and various Runes and Spells on it, alongside many magical artifacts inside and outside of it that gave it a greater power of magic and the ability to float in the skies.

It carried all of us across the skies, and Xijun was excited to see everything from above, the sea of clouds looked absolutely gorgeous as we moved at a very fast pace towards our destination, the area within the continent that the Sect was located, it seemed to be a gigantic building near the seashore, so we followed the shore through the entire journey there.

"I can see everything from above… It's so pretty…" said Xijun, her eyes shining brightly with surprise.

"Right? It's a nice trip after the clusterfuck we went through last night." I said.

"Hm, this is quite relaxing… But don't say swear words, Gustav, my grandpa said that it was bad." Said Xijun.

"…Fine." I sighed.

We walked over the flying ship as we saw the crew that managed the entire thing, they were all wearing blue uniforms and had an ocean wave metallic medal in their chest with different ranks showing on them, they were all part of our new Sect and this vessel also belonged to it.

There was a big flag atop the vessel, even showing the insignia of our sect as well, the old man told us that this was a vessel scheduled to come yesterday but because they encountered thunderstorms in the way, they had to take another route and ended taking an extra day to get here.

I guess there are such problems while traveling so high in the skies, if you get into a storm or something, you'll surely fucking die…

The other newbie disciples looked at the scene around us just as amazed, although I noticed the blonde guy with blue eyes looking at us from afar while squinting his eyes, what an annoying brat.

"You two…" he said, approaching us out of nowhere.

"Hm?" asked Xijun.

"What is it boy?" I asked.

"Boy? You dare call "boy" to the most talented Oceanic Sorcerer of this generation? I will become a Grand Sage one day, so you better treat me with my name! and honorifics." He said.

"So what's your name?" asked Xijun.

"My name is Arthurus Brandwagon, so make sure to remember it! And… you two… why are you two not wearing the uniforms of the Sect? You're embarrassing all of us by wearing your homeless clothing! Have some shame!" he said.

I really wanted to beat the crap out of him now.

"Oh, I'll show you how shameless I am, yes…" I said, as I cracked my knuckles.

"No, stop, Gustav, don't hit him, you'll kill him." said Xijun.

"Ah… well… I guess you're right." I said.

"S-Such barbarians… I can already tell why they tried to kill you, little girl, you're probably a nuisance to society as a whole, both of you." He said.

"Alright…" I said, as I moved towards Arthurus and grabbed him by the neck grasping it tightly.

"Gyyaaaahhh!"

He screamed in pain as his eyes began to roll.

The entire place became a fuss as all the disciples were trying to stop me, but they couldn't even budge me.

"P-Please stop! He's a very important person, Gustav!" said the Elder.

"I don't really give a damn. Apologize for calling us like that or you'll surely die." I said, I looked him deeply into the eyes. Part of my vampiric race kicked in and my eyes turned red. The kid's aquamarine eyes seemed to lose some of his light as he became paler, gritting his teeth.

"Greeghhh…! S-Sorry! I-I am sorryyyyyyy! Akh…! Ggaaakhh…!"

"Good."

I dropped him into the ground and looked down on him.

"Do you want to mess with me and Xijun again after that? Next time I will surely kill you, and it won't be a kick… peaceful death. No, it will be pretty painful, I am sure of it. you will scream your lungs out, even your soul will be pained." I said.

Arthurus looked at us while gritting his teeth. His eyes were filled with horror, frustration, and anger combined.

"Y-You barbarians!" he cried, running away for his life.

Everyone else sighed in relief around us.

"G-Gustav, it would be better if you didn't interacted with that man anymore…" sighed the Elder.

"Why is it?" I asked.

"Well, he's the son of the Brandwagon Family, a prestigious family of very rich Sorcerers who all possess a power named Oceanic Sorcerer Core, which they're born with… they're one of the seven prestigious families born with innate magic power; therefore, we call them Sorcerers…" sighed the Elder.

"And why would I even give a damn about that?" I asked while raising an eyebrow.

"W-Well! It's bad! If we offend him, our ties with the family will worsen and we might lose future business opportunities! After all they're the ones that own the greatest wealth in this area of the continent…" sighed the Elder.

"Sigh… If he comes to bully Xijun again I am going to kill him anyways. But fine, I don't like to mess with people anyways, I am not a man like that." I sighed, as I walked away with Xijun and Cuco.

The Elder looked at me from behind, sighing. He seemed rather exhausted with everything. He should really retire…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 262 - A Dark Enemy Lurks Behind


-----

Arthurus Brandwagon had been completely humiliated. He still couldn't get past the horrendous anger he was feeling right now. Just when he just wanted to show off a bit of his authority over the commoners, suddenly this one man who thinks he is the king of the world, or something dare to strangle him in front of everyone!

He had thought he could build some good reputation if he reprimanded some of the less… refined disciples, but instead, he got beaten down and scared shitless.

He couldn't even remember the last time he had suffered such an humiliation, after all, his entire life had been filled with great luxury at every corner, he was a man of many gifts in life, and was always given everything he wanted by his parents.

As he belonged to a powerful family in both power and money, he always felt like he could do whatever he wanted.

His father had once told him, however, that he had to train his powers if he wanted to be become the inheritor of the head position of the family, and as the eldest male, he had to do it.

Therefore, he decided to join one of the Sects that was currently in the city making tests… he remembered how every sect elder fought to have him, but the Water Sect ended winning him over as their teachings fit with his powers.

"I am a God-Realm Sorcerer, how come I was defeated by this commoner that looks like a homeless pawn! My Oceanic Sorcerer Core is already enough to even allow me to beat those at my same Ranks… Yet… Yet this bastard strangled me and… I couldn't even feel my body! It was as if he was using some technique, I couldn't even comprehend nor sense! What kind of bastard was this man? Gustav… is it? I will make sure to make you regret your decision…" he muttered angrily

Arthurus gritted his teeth as his divine energy flowed from his fists, gripping them tightly, he would never forget this humiliation! He will do everything he can…

But… there was something deep within him.

Fear.

He feared this man now.

He was so strong.

Yet so calm too.

His eyes were filled with just the meaning of death.

If he had acted even more rashly.

He might not even be here.

There was absolutely no hesitation in this man's eyes.

He was really going to kill him.

And because he had the power to even restrain his powers, he couldn't had done anything other than die agonizingly.

As if he were an ant crushed down by the tip of a finger.

He gritted his teeth frustratedly, as he hit the table angrily.

"D-Damn it! This… abominable monster…! W-Who does he think he is?! Agh…" he muttered in frustration.

As he stood in front of a small table inside the flying ship completely alone, he thought there wouldn't be anyone lurking and seeing him rage like a child.

But he suddenly heard the footsteps of someone.

"Eh? Who's there?!" he asked angrily.

Suddenly, a mysterious man with white hair and yellow-gold eyes showed up, wearing black robes.

"Arthurus Brandwagon, is it?" he asked with a smile.

"Who the heck are you?!" he asked.

"Introductions can wait for later. I've seen the humiliation that nasty man had done to you… It must had felt terrible." Said the man.

"Eh? W-Well… Yes. How dare he do such a thing to me?! I was just being a gentleman and telling them both to stop humiliating themselves and wear decent clothes for once! And he dares do such a bold thing! Bastard!" said Arthurus.

"Indeed! He's a bastard." Laughed the man in front of Arthurus.

"Ah, finally someone that gets it!" said Arthurus.

"Of course, lord Arthurus. I believe in your amazingness as a member of the Brandwagon family. He must pay for what he did." Said the man.

"But… he's too strong. How come I couldn't even fight…?!" muttered Arthurs.

"Fear not, my young lord. I have the help you require." Said the man.

He suddenly showed to Arthurus a glowing black orb, it was only palm-sized.

"What is this thing?" asked Arthurus.

"This… is the power you need. Take it. This is a special artifact that can increase your power and help you develop new abilities. It is said that those that are capable enough can use it to even beat those stronger than them… This is the key to your revenge, my lord." Said the man.

"Such an item exist…?" asked Arthurus, he powerful energy coming from the sphere lured him into touching it.

FLASH!

"Unngh?!"

And darkness suddenly began to seep into his very being.

A darkness that wasn't even from this Universe, nor Dimension…

"Aghh! Uaaggh…! T-This power…! I can feel it!!!" laughed Arthurus.

"Yes! Feel the power! Use it!" laughed the man in front of him…

-----

I looked down and found that there was something going on right now, there were several beasts floating around the ship, massive whales named Sky Whales.

These beautiful creatures groan loudly but are peaceful. Many of them had enormous forests atop their backs, where life was harbored beautifully.

"GRUUUOOOHHH…!"

The enormous Sky Whales flew around, as Xijun sat down at my side, we were glancing at the beautiful creatures while enjoying some ice cream I got from my divine realm's shops.

"This thing… ice cream? Its nice." Said Xijun.

I smiled as I petted her head.

"Right? It is a pretty good meal." I said.

"Why did you never gave me before though?!" she asked angrily.

"Ah… Well… I forgot." I said.

"Hmmm… Well, from now on give me if you have, I like it." she said.

"Sure boss." I laughed. Making fun of how she had the boldness to order me around.

Of course, I wasn't going to obey her words, but I was going to be more considerate whenever there was time for a dessert.

Meanwhile, inside of my Divine Realm, I was also enjoying a nice day with my family and friends.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 263 - Traveling


-----

As I traveled across the skies with Xijun in Azure, inside my divine realm I was spending some leisure time with my family

We had decided to explore more of the vast landscape of the Mainland Continent, so we decided to pack things up and go on a stroll all around the places I wanted to go personally to.

We crossed a large road across the vast grasslands, where we found large villages. Over time, when I as absent, the people built up more villages away from the main one, which became more like a big city.

I guess some people just wanted to have a peaceful life in the countryside instead, planting crops and raising cattle animals/monsters.

I wouldn't blame them, if I were in their position, I would had done the same, honestly.

The beautiful grasslands were decorated by the large mountains in the background, some of them shone with bright colors as they were filled with glowing bright elemental spirit crystals that were usually extracted every few weeks for research and crafting purposes.

I also used them as fuel for my Mana Factory, so my mana could regenerate faster.

"This is a peaceful sight." Sighed Kireina.

"Indeed, it does looks pretty…" sighed Anna.

We were walking across a road that led to a nearby village where I had heard they make a good apple pie. We could just make one ourselves, but it was all part of the trip too.

There was the village a bit farther from us, there were some people walking around and inside of it. I even saw a fountain in the middle of it is a small statue of… me?

Indeed, there was a statue of myself there, I had not expected that I could see myself made into a statue…

The statue was also surrounded by flowers, candles, and offerings people left. They're praying to me as if I were some sort of guardian spirit or holy spirit? Wait, a god, maybe?

That feels kind of weird.

"Pap! Paaapa!"

Francesca flew towards me and pointed out at the distance. There was the statue right in front of us in a few more meters.

"Dada? Dada dada?"

The Little Valentina also asked if that was me.

"Indeed, that's me… I guess." I sighed.

"Fufu, doesn't your father look amazing on it? I think I had sculped it myself… I made so many I don't remember." Said Kireina.

"Eh?! You did it?" I asked.

"Indeed! When you were gone for that time, I was in such sorrow I made many statues of you as I missed you, dearie… I knew your body proportions the best, so I constructed a bunch of statues and distributed them around, letting the people use them as their guardian and they suddenly began to pray to them." Said Kireina.

"T-That's a bit too much… But I guess it was my fault, sorry for being gone for so long. I promise you I won't do this again." I said.

"Ah, well, I can do more now, maybe I could do statues of all of us," said Kireina.

"Kireina you really shouldn't…" sighed Anna.

"AHahahaha! Come on, Anna-chan. We can be immortalized in statues and live like that forever!" said Kireina.

"I don't think I ever will let you die either…" I said.

"Hmm! I just want to do some hobby…" sighed Kireina.

"Ah, well, I never expected sculpture being your hobby." I said.

"Well, we had long ago gone against our original templates, we are different people than the original templates after all, dearie. I've begun to take a big liking on arts… I think I could begin drawing as well…" said Kireina.

I was a bit surprised, but indeed, she had grown farther from her original template as she developed as a person, and that actually made me extremely happy.

"You're right, I shouldn't had been so stubborn… I will support you if you want to become an artist, dear." I said.

"R-Really?" asked Kireina happily.

"Of course! How about you draw a portrait of our two little angels?" I asked.

"Sure! I actually already got the sketches." Kireina said, showing me the drawings.

"Wow… they really look like them…" I said.

Anna opened her eyes wide open as she saw the drawings of the two girls, they were really identical.

Kireina really draw well.

"Mam! Mam!" said little Fran, pointing at the drawings happily.

"Gooooo!" said Valentina, maybe she was trying to say "good".

We showed the drawings to Ervas, Vudia, and the rest.

"Wow… This really does looks amazing." Said Ervas.

"Mama I am terrible at drawing, but you're so good!" said Vudia.

"You're not terrible, dearie, you just need some more practice!" said Kireina.

"Really? Will you teach me, mama?" asked Vudia.

"Of course! You're also my little girl." Said Kireina, petting Vudia.

"Vuud…" said Fran.

"Diaa!" said Valentina.

The twins were very fond of Vudia, she was like their big sister figure, and loved to spent time with her and play with her.

Now that I see Kireina developing such things, I wonder if Anna, Ervas, Vudia, and others might do the same.

This also reminded me of summoning… I had not done it in a while.

I've been doing the daily quests in Azure all this time, and I got almost 300 Orbs.

Perhaps I should do some mass summoning soon.

Though, it would be a hassle to manage all the new units I would get, ugh.

For now, I decided to enjoy the day.

"Oh, visitors… Welcome to Apple Village, we got the best apples of the region."

A little girl wearing a white dress and a farmer straw hat greeted us.

She rushed at us but suddenly realized who we were, or well, she recognized me from the statue.

"Sir… Y-You are… the hero?! The Hero Summoner, Gustav-sama!" she said.

"Eh? Wait, calm down, don't raise your voice!" I said, covering the girl's voice.

"Mmmm! Mmmm!!!" she was freaking out as I covered her mouth like a creep.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 264 - Apple Village


-----

"Okay, you're better now?" I asked.

"Y-Yes… I apologize for freaking out, sir." Said the girl.

This girl here was a survivor of the apocalypse.

Like mostly every human here, they were all survivors I greeted into my divine realm.

Although the majority are from America or other small regions hat ended in more disastrous ways, but Earth itself was still greatly populated by people, atop the skies, that's it.

Using special magical constructs, such as flying ships like the ones in Azure, people from Earth come down here to change the pace.

Some end staying in this large floating continent, while others only come in trips to exchange goods, creating a big road in the middle of space to here where merchants travel here and there constantly, selling goods between both "planets".

The same trades and other things had begun with Mars, as the Martians had been accepted as people long ago, despite looking very different from us.

After the apocalypse it is not that hard for people to become open-minded, they had seen everything at this point…

Even more, I saw a few Martians in this very town, so they had become widespread.

There are also other races of monsters that became intelligent that I didn't noticed, such as Draconic People, Goblins, Ogres, and there were Elven-like people that named themselves Spirit Folk.

Many of them simply originate from their ancestors that spontaneously were born inside my divine realm through the large quantities of mana from the forests, or inside the dungeons, who ended running away and multiplying.

Actually, their ancestors are still alive, not much time had passed since their creation, so they're all like children discovering the world, humans and Martians have to be gentle with them as they are still getting accustomed to society.

"Don't worry about it. I just came here with my family, and wanted to eat the pie here and pass a night here maybe. Just going around the world having fun. Mostly to settle down my mind for the challenges that might come in the outside world, haha." I said.

"Oohh… Sir, even after all you've done, you're still fighting for us… Hahh… you're such a big hero!" cried the blonde girl with aquamarine eyes, hugging me. She was around her tens and looked small and cute.

"C-Calm down… Where do you live?" I wondered.

"There! We rise Cows, Pigs, and Chicken! Do you want to purchase some of our milk or eggs? They're fresh!" she said.

"Sure, what's your name?" I asked.

"Name's Alicia! Nice to meet you sir Gustav!" she said.

"I see, nice to meet you too, Alicia." I said.

"I guess we are taking a little detour?" asked Anna.

"Yeah, let's go for a bit. The girls seem to want to go meet the farm animals." I said.

"Oohh, I see! Let's go then, farm life is not real if we can't see real life farm animals! I am bored of monsters anyways." Said Kireina.

"I agree, a bit of normalcy would never do bad." I sighed.

"Hmm, I agree. I am in the mood for some fried eggs. Perhaps we could cook something." said Ervas.

"Oooh! Big brother Ervas is very good at cooking, papa!" said Vudia.

"Is that so? Then I cannot really reject his invitation!" I said.

"Egggg!" said Fran.

"Egu?" asked Valentina.

We moved towards the house of Alicia which she invited us to, as she shoed us her large amount of land she got for herself, in there, we saw many cows eating grass.

They didn't looked like real cows though… all of them were like three times normal cows size, and their horns were long and sharp.

"T-These are not cows…" I said.

"Eh? How come! They are named Golden Cows!" said Alicia.

"I guess they are the closest thing to them." Said Kireina.

"It's not so bad, they look cute." Said Anna.

"Here, there are the pigs!" said Alicia.

The pigs bating in the mud were enormous Wild Boars with the horns made of jewels.

"T-These are not pigs…" I said.

"How come? They are named Jewel Wild Boars!" said the girl.

"At least they are not charging at us, if a girl can maintain them, then it means they were domesticated or tamed." Said Ervas.

"True," said Anna.

"And here are the chickens! Wow, look at the egg!!!" said Alicia, pointing at large cockatrices. They were big chicken-like monsters of around a meter big, with the tails with the heads of snakes, sharp claws, and angry-looking faces.

But when she approached to every single monster, they always acted friendly and gentle to her, the fierce Cockatrices even let her take the eggs in front of them.

I suppose this is more of a Monster Ranch than anything! I guess people can't really find normal animals if they're not on Earth… makes sense. The mana here only makes monsters show up.

"Oh, Alicia, who are these people?"

A young blonde man showed up, Alicia's father.

"Papa, they're… Guests! They wanted to buy milk and eggs and look at the animals." Said Alicia.

The father, a pure human, looked at my party who were all demi-human looking, he didn't recognize me, luckily.

"Oooh, I see. Well, welcome here. I am glad to see a lot of demi-humans! It is often rare to see so many together… And you go two little babies, they're so cute!" he said, as he looked at Fran and Valentina.

"Bababah…"

"Uwaawa!"

The two babies released little sounds.

"Hehe, I bet some good milk will help them grow into some fine ladies. Alright, come here, I'll bring the merchandise. Want to stay for lunch? My wife is making meatloaf today." Said the man.

"Sure!" we said.

Alicia began to play around with Fran and Valentina, while we walked around the farm. The man helped us get a lot of bottles of fresh milk from the Golden Cows, and also sold us its cheese. We also brought a few dozens of eggs.

"Thanks for buying, we really appreciate it."

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 265 - The Mysterious Talent Of The Farm Girl And Apple Pie


-----

We were invited to Alicia's house and we enjoyed the stay there. When we got inside the house after buying the products, we were greeted by a pretty brown-haired woman with emerald eyes, Alicia's mother.

"Oh, welcome! Who might you be?" she wondered. People here were quite friendly with one another, most likely due to the peaceful life everyone enjoyed. I couldn't say it was a good thing, but seeing how it is a safe place as it is inside my very soul, I didn't mind.

"They're guests that Alicia brought today, I invited them to eat lunch, they bought almost everything we had on store, so we should celebrate." Said Alicia's father.

"Oooh! Thank you! Sure thing!" said Alicia's mother.

"Fran, Valentina, Vudia, want to play outside?" asked Alicia.

"Sure!"

Vudia and my twins flew outside. The twins despite being babies can already understand basic English, and are able to float naturally by using a bit of magic.

I discovered that Alicia had the [Beast Tamer Queen] Skill, while her father had the [Beast Whisperer] and the mother the [Beast Caretaker] Skills. This meant that the whole family tamed these beasts and raised them. I see.

The interesting part was how Alicia seemed to acquire a combination of both of her parent's skills. Her age indicated she was born before the Ragnarök, but I guess that didn't mattered.

Interesting, so children with parents that are alive might develop combined skills from their parents' original skills? That's quite something…

I saw Fran, Valentina, and Vudia play around with Alicia and the farm animals, I think this is the first time my twins get to have a friend outside of the family. I am happy. We might end up coming to visit Alicia some more.

"It's ready!"

Alicia's mother quickly took out a large meatloaf from the oven and served it over the table, the smell was delicious, and we all began to quickly dig in after she cut if off and shared it with everyone coupled with some mashed potatoes that were as creamy as they can get.

We devoured everything faster than we could even think or breathe, and we ended rather satisfied at the end, as Alicia's mother had made three more meatloaf.

Ervas also cooked too, joining her, he made Omurice, which are Omelet with fried rice inside. He used ingredients he had saved on his Dimensional Leather Bag.

It ended being 4 PM when we finally decided to move over to the village.

Alice and her parents ended accompanying us, and I decided to use Illusion Magic named "False Identity", which made my appearance not discernable by those not close to me. Alicia and her parents were included in those close to me, of course.

Like this, nobody recognized me, and we could do things peacefully.

We wandered around the plaza and found a lot of kids playing around, Valentina, Fran, and Vudia really wanted to go, so we let them go with Alicia.

The kids were very welcoming of them, more than I thought, and they began playing ball or catching each other. I realized Fran and Valentina were quite the cheats by how powerful they were, sometimes they threw the ball very far away, and it ruined the match… other times they caught the kids way too fast due to how fast they were… but they still had their fun.

Nonetheless, aside from this, we had our own fun, as I kept a close eye of the girls using a summon spirit that was invisible, while I walked around the village with the rest of our group.

We bought a lot more of food than we thought, there was a large market going on where people were selling their magic plants not growth from my system stuff, and I was interested on it. Some people had special skills such as Magic Farmer and so on, so I wanted to see how good they were.

After that, it was getting late, around 6 PM, we decided to move to the Cafeteria we found where they sold the apple pie. We moved forward there, and a cute red-haired goblin girl greeted us.

"Welcome to the Cafete… Cafeteria! Ahem, want something? I-I mean! Do you want to buy something, guests?" she asked. She had a hard time talking more formally.

"Don't worry about formalities, girl." I said.

"Oh really? Thanks bro!" she said.

Goblins are really another breed, huh.

At the end we bought apple pie for everyone, and a lot of herbal tea too, there were many flavors to pick, so we picked them all, there were enough people to taste them all anyways.

The apple pie was just as it was said to be, it was indeed the best. The apples still felt fresh even after being cooked, the cream was soothing and tasty, the crust was just nice and buttery…

Everything was ideal.

We spent an amazing day today, and we decided to pass the night on Alicia's home.

…

Meanwhile, in the outside world, me and Xijun enjoyed the nice breeze of the skies as we saw the moon atop the skies.

We moved down into the ship as the little girl felt hungry, and we enjoyed a large feast in our private room, where I put a large table and all some of the food I had brought from my divine realm, alongside meat we had hunted ourselves which I began to grill.

"Hmm, this is amazing! What is this?" she asked.

"Apple Pie, and that's Mystic Herb Tea." I said.

"I had never tasted something so good in my entire life…" she sighed, little tears began to come out of her eyes.

"Eh? You're crying over apple pie?!" I asked.

"More, please!" she said.

I ended giving her another piece before we began eating for real. This girl could eat everything in the world and still ask for seconds, she's really gluttonous beyond belief.

They said we'll reach the Sect tomorrow in the late morning, so we have to sleep early to wake up early too, Xijun has a heavy sleep, so she has to sleep a lot to wake up with enough energy.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 266 - Reaching The Sect


-----

The next morning came and I had woken up with all the energy of the world.

I woke up Xijun rather energetically, as the little girl stared at me with sleepy eyes that had a hard time opening.

In the beach she was used to sleep until 3 PM, so she was having a hard time getting used to wake up in the mornings.

"Muhhh…" she sighed, waving her hand. She really didn't wanted me to wake her up.

"Wake up! Xijun! There's a massive ice cream atop the table." I said.

"Where?!"

She jumped out of the bed easily.

Damn, kids are so easy to trick, I feel bad now.

"T-There was no ice cream." I sighed.

"EH?! Y-You filthy liar!" she said.

"Sorry…" I sighed.

Xijun was about to jump back to bed but I quickly stooped her and moved her to the bathroom.

"Go take a quick bath and get some clothes, here." I said.

I gave Xijun a set of new clothes, her white dress was too old and had many nasty stains. These new clothes looked like eastern-styled robes, with pants too, so they were ideal for the sect.

"Huh, these are my new clothes?" she sighed.

"Just wear them." I said.

"Okay…" she sighed.

As she went to take a bath, I began to prepare breakfast and things were almost getting ready.

Inside of my Divine Realm, meanwhile, I was with my family already having breakfast.

We had stayed the night in Alicia's house, and the girls were playing with her outside this morning.

Her parents were very welcoming of us, so we decided to thank them for what their hospitality.

"Thanks for everything." I said.

"Oh, it was nothing, please, come buy here whenever you can!" said Alicia's mother.

"Indeed, Alicia got a few friends back town, but your girls are way more gentler and welcoming of her…" sighed her father.

"I am also glad, my girls are newborn, but I am happy they found such a nice friend." I said.

"I-I see! Despite being newborn they can understand us and even fly around?" wondered Alicia's mother.

"Yes… They're very special." Said Kireina.

"I-Indeed…" said Anna.

"They might be growing a bit too fast." I laughed.

At the end, I had decided to leave a Summoning Gate near this house where my girls could instantly summon themselves here whenever they wanted.

They already had developed Summoning Powers too, in just a bit of time after being born… So indeed, they were going to become powerful Summoners.

My girls are growing overpowered already… I can't wait for them to grow bigger and more beautiful too!

Sigh…

Of course, they didn't had something like Supreme Summoning or whatever, what they had was named simply [Summon] and I used my own powers to grant them the ability to summon themselves with this gate I had.

This way they can always come visit their friend whenever they feel like.

Taking the gate again will bring them next to me, Kireina, or Anna.

It was perfect.

"Alicia, I will come play again later!" said Vudia.

"Sure, Vudia!" said Alicia.

Fran and Valentina waved their little hands at Alicia, as they flew away at my side.

We decided to continue our trip inside my Divine Realm, as we moved around the road atop Apophis, my Poison Snake Dragon, which had grown to a rather gargantuan size.

Meanwhile, in the world outside, Xijun had finished eating and was now back with the new clothes and even a hair pin, taking her long silvery-white hair into a pretty pony tail.

"Ahh, I knew there was a very pretty girl behind you." I said.

"…"

She blushed a bit as she sat down and began to eat the sandwiches I had prepared.

"Hmm… Yummy." She said.

"Right? They're pretty yummy indeed." I said while nodding.

"Now what do we do?" she wondered.

"We should be already moving down, we already reached the territory of the Ocean Sect, so we'll be greeted, do a boring ceremony, and then we can finally go to the secret library and steal all the technique scrolls for you." I said.

"Oh, that easy?" she wondered.

"Well not really, I don't think we could steal them so easily, but we should be able to get them… Maybe we could stay for some lessons, although I need none, but you might." I said.

"Hmmm… I don't need anyone's help." She said.

"You're very arrogant. So? After that where do we go?" I wondered.

"Kill monsters." She said.

"I thought the same. This is why joining the sect is important, you know? They got Quests. If you complete the Quests they got, you gain money and items, and even contribution points to get access to the juicy things." I said.

"Oooh!" she said.

"They also got access to a variety of places where strong beasts roam, we could collect the materials and well, see what they drop with my powers." I said.

"Ooooohhh!!!" she said again.

"Also I think the sect is like a big nation, there are many cities, we can go around them. I heard each one got unique techniques we can learn, and also cuisine." I said.

"Okay, we are going!" she said.

"I see, so you've decided." I said.

After our quick conversation and breakfast, we walked outside the ship and a beautiful Chinese-styled city greeted us, ancient Chinese-styled, yeah.

There were people walking all around the streets, they were very busy. A lot of the people was wearing blue, azure, and bright blue clothes with different water-based insignias that the Sect had.

The blue skies were clear, and there was the breeze of the sea coming from the nearby coasts.

"Welcome everyone, we have finally reached the Ocean Sect!" said the Elder.

"Ooh…"

"This place seems prettier than I expected."

"Yeah, you're right."

"Wow, look at that thing!"

"Amazing…"

"So many strong people too…"

Strong people? I felt like everyone in the city was a weakling aside from two or three people, but sure, it is filled with strong people…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 267 - Hunting An Huge Sea Serpent


-----

We spent the first week in the sect getting used to all the facilities. We were welcomed into a large tower that would be the home of all new disciples. Despite being new disciples, we were treated fairly well, we all got a room with two beds, so two disciples had to share rooms.

Initially Xijun had ended being given the room with another guy, who looked at her with a pervert smile, so I had to quickly tell the Elder to put me with her if he didn't wanted a disciple to suddenly disappear. After all, Xijun was actually the only girl from all this batch of new disciples.

The room we were given was comfortable and vast, and there were two comfortable beds as well as a big window that gave us a beautiful view of the entire city and the vast oceans right in front of us. This was a sect located in the coast and they majored into fishing for resources in the ocean.

There were many sect members that learned fishing techniques, and many exceeded at battling in the oceans against the deadly beast there were here.

The first week we were told to relax for the most part, aside from the first welcoming ceremony where we met the Sect Master and other Elders, nothing much happened other than having classes that taught meditation techniques and body-reinforcing ones.

The Sect Master was strong, he was at least Great God-Realm, between mid to peak rank.

Well, I can still beat him with a single punch if I wanted.

I was disappointed he was so weak, but raising to the Supreme God-level that we have is in fact very rare, it happens once in a million chances…

Of course they don't know we are so OP; it is a secret we cannot reveal!

Anyways, the three people that were strong that I had sensed were the Sect Master, who could also be said to be like a Pseudo Supreme God, and two other people I had yet to find and see by themselves, but funnily enough, they were stronger than the Sect Master.

Both of them might be very close to Supreme God, if not being Supreme Gods at Rank 1.

I don't know if I could beat them, but if they're from the sect, there's not much point in trying to do that… we are allies after all.

The techniques taught the first week were very weak, but I could find some enlightenment from the teachings of the Elders. After all I had all the power I could get, but lacked the experience to use it.

If I could accumulate experience and knowledge about many masters, I would become even more unparalleled.

From what I learned, there were three basic techniques taught to all disciples, which also all revolved around Water.

There was the Water Breathing Technique, which helped you turn your Mana into Water-Attribute Mana and make it flow like water across your body, enhancing your swiftness, agility, and speed. It was a basic technique that needed to be mastered to generate Water Mana necessary for more techniques.

Of course, these techniques were weak… but the principles were what I wanted. I just need to copy the principles and make up by own better techniques with it.

The Water Breathing Technique allowed a person to enter in a state of pure serenity, something that was necessary to comprehend the Law of Water. To use water was to be serene like the water, still, calm, and harmonious.

To flow naturally… and all that crap.

And then there was the second technique, it was the first offensive move and it was simply named 'Fisherman's Harpoon'. By concentrating Water Mana into your hands, you can emulate the effect of a sharp harpoon and attack enemies with it. It is a piercing and powerful attack that can deal great damage, but it needs time to recharge once more.

In most of this world weapons are still a thing, but disciples are always taught to not always rely in their weapons, but also into their very bodies, which was the thing that will always be available at every situation.

"Make your body the best weapon you could ever dream of" or so said one of the Elders.

I agree with that, sometimes your weapon can break, or you may lost it, then what will you do?

It is obvious that using your very body is the solution.

The third technique they taught to us after that was named "Sea Turtle Shell Skin Technique". It makes your skin as hard as the shell of the sea turtle. In more advanced forms, you can even create an armor made out of it around your body, like an Elder showed us.

I was able to do the same right after learning it, but I decided to not show off because I am not really an attention whore.

Xijun had mastered all three techniques after doing them once, and since then we didn't had much to do, we can freely skip classes and we were not interested in anyone in particular, so we wandered around the city buying food and going to fish for giant monsters.

As of now, a massive sea serpent, a Great God-Realm beast that is only found several kilometers away from the beach groaned back at us angrily.

There were around three ships nearby that almost got destroyed by it, and we rushed in here to defeat it while we were grilling fish in the beach.

"GROOOOOOAAAAAARRR!"

"Fisherman's Harpoon."

Xijun reached up to the massive snake as she jumped over its head. Her small and delicate hand was encompassed in powerful divine energy and water mana, as the phantom shape of a sharp harpoon emerged in her hand.

CLASH!

With a single attack, the hand pierced through the sea snake's head, piercing the skull, cracking it, and destroying its brains, which splattered all out into the water…

SPLASH!

The creature was one-shotted by Xijun.

The people in the ships carrying goods that were moving to the city were left speechless.

"Haha… she ended showing off I guess."

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 268 - The Twins Meet Xijun


-----

SPLASH!

The massive over 50-meter-long sea snake was defeated by Xijun rather easily.

She used the power of the technique she learned, a noob-level technique she made into an absolute masterpiece by just being used by herself.

The powerful attack blasted the beast's head in an instant.

It is obvious that the Fireball of a Level 1 Apprentice Mage cannot compare with the Fireball of a Level 100 Master Sorcerer, right? Even if it's the same low-grade spell, the one that got the greater base power and technique will make it shine, nonetheless.

We ended completing the Emergency Quest that nobody was going to attend, the Elders were slacking around so it would had taken them a while to move, the ships would had gotten destroyed by then.

So we acted out of purely wanting the rewards and also being nice people overall.

Its honest work.

"Give me the fish." Said Xijun, as she flew towards one of the ships.

"Eh?!"

"You want us to give you the fish we fished?"

"W-What?"

Xijun began to ask for compensation.

"Wait! Xijun, that's wrong! We already got the whole sea snake to eat too, don't be greedy." I said.

"Grandpa always told me to seek compensation when I did something for other people… He said "Nothing in life is for free"…" she said.

"I see. So your grandpa was the one that taught you how to be such a greedy girl…" I sighed.

"Sorry, don't mind her, we are done here." I said, as I grabbed Xijun against her own will and flew away with the sea snake corpse stored inside my Inventory.

We flew back to the sect and complete the quest. Everyone looked at us with surprise.

After only a week of being here we completed an S-Rank Quest.

"W-Wow…!"

"They killed the sea snake!"

"Look at that head!"

"Enormous!"

We put the sliced head of the sea snake over the floor of the Quest Hall to show it off as the proof of our actions, and the receptionist couldn't refute us, quickly giving us the bag of coins alongside a million contribution points for each one.

"T-Thanks for your hard work! The sect is very proud of you! You'll be promoted to S-Rank Members." Said the blue-haired girl.

"No that doesn't matter, it's a hassle." Said Xijun.

"Yeah, we are fine with being F-Rank." I said.

"E-Eh?!" the girl was left shocked as we walked away.

Indeed, being higher Ranked in the Sect only brought more hassle than anything.

You had to do a meeting with the sect master and a ceremony.

And it was a pain.

"But you'll get access to the higher-grade technique scrolls from the library!" said the girl desperately to fulfill her job.

We quickly looked back at her with greedy eyes.

"Really?" asked Xijun.

The girl nodded desperately.

"Yeah!" she said.

"Okay then, where do we do the ceremony? Call that old man of the sect master asap." I said.

"Yeah, hurry, we don't got all day." Said Xijun, slapping the table.

"O-okay!" cried the girl, quickly moving away.

After having to wait a whole hour, we were finally greeted by the old man.

"Congratulations, what you did was commendable and-"

"Yeah, yeah, get done with it." I said.

"Hm, we are in a hurry, and hungry." Said Xijun.

The Sect Master grew paler as he sighed.

"Youngsters these days…"

He ended the ceremony quickly and our insignias were now those of a sharp riding an ocean wave, with a big 'S' on top of it.

Like Adventurer Guilds, there are up to SSS-Rank in terms of Ranks, the higher the Rank, the different the design.

The Emergency Quest we completed gave us a lot of Contribution Points so it was obvious it would instantly rise us from F-Rank to S-Rank. We were actually given the chance to become up to B-Rank, but we ended ignoring it until now.

"I'm hungry, Gustav, let's go cook at the beach!" said Xijun.

"Okay, okay, this time is perfect too, they have recovered too, so I guess I can present them to you." I said.

"Huh? Who?" asked Xijun.

"My family." I said with a smile.

"Eh?" wondered Xijun.

She had seen my summons and was actually riding Cuco right now at my side, but she didn't knew of any other summons than Cuco, Wisp, and Arachne.

"Mrao!"

Cuco nodded.

"You know them, Cuco?" she asked.

"Mrao." Said Cuco.

"Yeah, he's well loved by everyone." I said.

"Ooohh… If Cuco trust them they're nice people then." Said Xijun, petting Cuco's fluffy black fur.

We reached the beach in an instant as we took out the giant sea snake.

"Summon." I said.

FLASH! FLASH!

Two figures emerged from the summoning circles, I decided to only bring my wives and our children for now.

"Oh…!"

Xijun was left speechless as she saw my two very tall wives, their sexy and mature bodies left her speechless, the beautiful fairy and the strong squirrel girl were imposing figures.

And on their arms, there were two adorable babies that looked like me a bit.

"This is Kireina and Anna, both of them are my wives… And these two babies are Fran and Valentina, they're my daughters." I said.

"Ooooh! I didn't knew you even got children! You're a daddy?! I would had never guessed…" she said in shock.

"Fufu, so this is the adorable Xijun? She's as cute as I thought she would be, Hmm!" said Kireina.

"Hello, Xijun, nice to meet you." Said Anna.

Kireina playfully petted Xijun, while Anna smiled gently.

"N-Nice to meet you… You spoke about me to them?" she said.

"Oh yes! All day he always speaks about you, it gave me a bit jealously." Said Kireina.

"Indeed. I guess he sees you as his little sister in a way, or a daughter too." Said Anna.

"R-Really?" wondered Xijun.

"Xixi!" said Valentina.

"Pap! Junjun?" asked Fran.

"Yes, Xijun." I said to my girls.

The two babies then jumped out of their mother's embrace and flew to Xijun.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 269 - Enjoying The Day


-----

The two baby girls greeted Xijun as they floated in midair.

"Hello… Valentina, Fran, right?" asked Xijun.

The two girls nodded faintly as they floated around her.

"Papapa!" said Fran.

"Ewaah!" said Valentina.

"W-What are they talking about?" wondered Xijun.

"They want you to go play with them in the beach." I said.

"Eh?" asked Xijun rather dispirited to do that.

"Just go and do it, we'll butcher this thing for you, dear." Said Kireina.

"Indeed, the two girls had been dreaming about getting out of Gustav's Divine Realm all this time." Said Anna.

"O-Okay then…" said Xijun, mildly forced by us, she went to play around with my baby girls.

They chased each other and then began to pick up seashells, starfish, and fish bones that showed up in the beach shore for fun. They were having their fun.

"Oohh!" Fran cried, as she found a crab and grabbed it with her tiny hand.

The crab was around half a meter big and had a purple exoskeleton and sharp spikes all over its body…

But she was unfazed by it and the crab was trembling in fear by her mere presence.

I guess we'll boil him up too.

With the girls we began butchering the giant creature while chatting around.

"She's indeed very strong." said Kireina.

"Yes, I felt her presence right away, her power is certainly that of a Supreme Goddess." Said Anna.

"I told you she was special. I have sensed two that could "possibly" be Supremes too around the city, but I have yet to find them and confront them or something, so aside from them there are nothing else that could be a challenge around here, so the grind is hard because getting enough EXP is not so efficient… Nonetheless, I still leveled up a bit after slaying enough beasts." I said.

"I see… So you've been just relaxing in this tropical paradise without us!" said Kireina.

"Yeah… That's not what a faithful husband does." Said Anna.

"Eh? I am faithful! I haven't done anything to Xijun, I would never…" I said.

"Hmmm!" said Kireina while looking at me while pouting.

"Then you're going to prove your faithfulness tonight." Said Anna.

"Eh?" I asked.

"Oh yes, we haven't done it in a while now…" said Kireina.

"Hmm~ How about we get busy tonight?" asked Anna while winking back.

"Oh… Well… I guess you've recovered already… We could go to a premium hotel in the city…" I said.

"Ooho! I like that!" said Kireina.

"A Love Hotel sounds exciting." Said Anna.

"Hmm~ We'll drain you dry, master." Said Kireina.

"I can't wait." Said Anna.

I swallowed saliva once more.

My wives are fierce at bed… They will definitely leave me like a dried mummy.

After butchering the entire sea snake, we moved to cut it into giant slices and then I set up a large bonfire, grilling the meat into large chunks and seasoning it with a lot of stuff, the herbs and more put over the meat made it a hundred percent more aromatic and delicious looking.

In the meantime, we boiled the crabs and scallops that Xijun, Fran, and Valentina picked up randomly, and added the bones of the sea snake and some of its meat, making a delicious sea soup.

I decided to accompany everything with a lot of white rice that was being prepared at the sides, and I also made some crab and scallop dumplings that were slowly being steamed.

After an hour, everything was ready and our stomachs were rumbling, specially Xijun, she began to immediately devour an entire one-meter-big steak of sea snake grilled to perfection and seasoned well, using chopsticks, she took out little pieces and accompanied them with the rice and the soup, eating it all very quickly.

"Hmmm! Oooh! T-This is extra tasty!" she said.

"Is it? I am glad you like it, Xijun." I said with a gentle smile.

"We made with lots of love." Said Kireina.

"Indeed, the cooking of a mother is always better than the father." Said Anna.

"Eh? T-That's a bit sexist." I sighed.

"Hahaha! It's a joke!" laughed Anna.

"I am also joking." I giggled.

"Craaab!" said Fran, as she grabbed a bit grab claw and ate it up entirely.

"Yum yum!" said Valentina, enjoying herself some meat.

The entire food was so delicious I was also devouring a steak myself, the meat of the sea snake became incredibly tender after being grilled for so long, some chopsticks were enough to slowly take it bit by bit accompanied by the soothing and fluffy texture of white rice, and then the strong flavor and warmth of the sea soup, the crab meat was tender and juicy too, and the scallops were also as good, and quite sweet too.

"Hmm, this is really good… More, please!" said Xijun, as she asked for another steak of sea snake, Kireina happily gave her another, as she began eating it.

I also ended eating another and so did the girls, everyone here was a massive eater in fact, Kireina in specific could eat endlessly, I think.

Aside from that, the day went by, and the night quickly fell over, the sky was as clear as it could get, the moon was shining brightly atop the night sky and there was a beautiful hue being released, such a wonderful sight…

After we were done eating, it was time to move back home, I decided to bring Kireina and Anna with me, alongside my children, I explained to the sect through some demonstrations of summoning them in and out, that they were indeed my Summons.

I was already registered as a Summoner-Class, so there was no pint in hiding this fact any longer, the people were very surprised, however, as my wives were way too pretty and had immensely strong auras.

I left Xijun with Cuco, Wisp, and Arachne, while leaving Fran and Valentina sleeping in our home inside my divine realm.

I had left a few clones made out of shadow and darkness watching over Xijun and protecting her too.

After that… I was mildly forced by Kireina and Anna to hurry up, as we quickly moved to the Love Hotel that I had mentioned…

"Fufu, let's have lots of fun, alright~? We have to make up for the time we didn't do it!" said Kireina.

"How about we make another baby while we are at it?" wondered Anna.

"You're getting a bit over the top now…" I sighed.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 270 - The Power Of A Summoner!


-----

I checked my stats after the night ended and the girls (and I) were finally satisfied. I had leveled up a bit over the week, but nothing too remarkable. I am still far from max level, so I am still stuck at Supreme Summoner God Job.

For now I decided to sleep and relax.

But that's when it happened.

A figure covered in shadows walked across the tower of the sect, reaching the room where Xijun was.

Its speed? It reached there in a second.

I quickly summoned myself in front of him and stopped him from unleashing his destructive power.

CLAAAASSSSHH!

Shadows and darkness exploded everywhere as I glanced at the man in front of me, my very hands suppressed his powers, as he gritted his teeth in anger at me.

"Y-You…! You can teleport?!" he asked in disbelief.

This man was about to break through Xijun's room and probably try to kill her with whatever this dark power was. It felt like it came from another dimension, that's it.

And who was this man but a blonde and annoying brat? Arthurs Brandwagon.

Just when I was about to sleep, this bastard showed up, good thing I have eyes even behind my back. There were several clones of mine hidden around here and detected him in time.

These were spiritual clones made out of supreme summoning, inserting my mind into these spirit summons make them into something like "clones".

The entire tower began to tremble around, Xijun slowly woke up in horror as the other three summons with her protected her.

"Gustav?!" she cried, the door had broken down and so did the entire walls behind me, the impactful shockwaves that this monstrous bastard unleashed were massive, the entire tower was about to fall if I didn't brought him out.

"I'll quickly take care of him, stay here!" I said.

"Okay…!" said Xijun.

I looked down at the man whose arms I had grabbed tightly, he could barely move.

"L-Let me go! I am going to kill both of youuuuu!" he roared, his eyes emanated pure darkness.

Something truly abyssal had taken over this young man.

"You're coming with me." I said.

FLASH!

I summoned myself with this guy right over the seas.

FLASH!

"Ehh?!" he cried in surprise, as he found himself falling into the oceans.

"Have a good dip." I said.

"B-Bastard!" he cried.

SPLASH!

Doesn't he knows how to fly? What a pity, try attacking me from the oceans then…

BOOOOMMM!!!

Maybe I spoke too soon?

An enormous explosion of shadows came out of the water as I saw a mass of darkness emerge. Arthurus was within it, but I couldn't see him properly anymore.

There was a black jewel shining brightly atop his forehead, and he seemed to be going completely insane. Did this guy seriously wanted to kill us just because of that offense the other day? You're really a psycho.

But not really, there's something more to it, I can already tell there's some bastard behind this. I had already had my suspiciousness, the idiots that came to kill Xijun back then, and now, this idiot.

Probably they want to kill or capture her right now while I am distracted with Arthurus.

I will have to bring out the cavalry there… but I don't want to summon my wives, they're too exhausted, so the other guys will come out then.

"GRAAAAAAAHHH!!!"

The massive amounts of darkness continued to spread around the entirety of the oceans as they formed a gigantic being of darkness rushing right towards me, it continued to grow bigger until it was several kilometers.

What a pain in the ass, let me teach you a lesson, little guy.

"Supreme Summoning."

FLASH!

Thousands of magic circles emerged all around me, making a beautiful spectacle. And then, I summoned two types of beings who came in all sorts of shapes.

Angelic summons and demonic summons. A group of holy beings emerged, shining with bright white light, taking the shapes of enormous dragons, birds, and other beasts. And to the side, a group of dark beings, demonic, even, taking the shape of titans, chimera, and other grotesque beings.

"Attack." I said.

I activated several other Domains as well, all using their effects to enhance their power through the roof.

An army of over ten thousand summons emerged to my very intent, completely overwhelming Arthurus in an instant.

This was the power of a Summoner.

The army of flashing and bright creatures and shadow entities fell over the monstrous Arthurus. His power was quite commendable, he was indeed fairly strong.

I constantly conjured magic spells and other Skills to enhance my troops, their flashing light resonated brightly, and their abyssal darkness was even deeper than him.

Those he managed to destroy with his shadow tentacles exploded, causing even more damage.

At some point I began to just detonate them all at him.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The overwhelming army of summons continued to explode over Arthurus, as his shadows began to be consumed.

"It should be about time…" I said.

Seeing an opening, I summoned my trusty Spear and infused it with power and Summoned myself right in front of Arthurs.

"Disappear from my sight." I said.

"GAAHH…?!"

SLAAAASH!

I pierced his head and broke the crystal giving him this power on the way out.

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

A massive explosion of shadows ensued right after that, capable of annihilating the entire city behind me.

Good thing I brought him to the middle of the ocean.

Of course, I was unscathed, and I grabbed the fragments of this crystal and inspected them…

Information told me they were something from another Dimension…

I knew it.

The invaders from another dimension are already here, huh? They want to Xijun for some reason.

Wait, this dimension is not the same as the ones I fought against before… Shadow beings? Who are these guys?

No matter, Xijun is already getting attacked by a group of shady guys, so I am going there as well.

FLASH!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 271 - Confrontation Against The Mysterious Figures!


-----

As Gustav teleported away with Arthurus, Xijun was left shocked. She didn't knew what to think. She looked at the entire place and found the entire tower barely standing.

The other disciples were all running away from the tower, rushing downstairs, but she was too worried about Gustav to do anything else. She looked at the window with concern.

"Is this all my fault?" she sighed.

Cuco, Wisp, and Arachne stood with her protecting her, waiting for Gustav to come back at any moment.

Xijun was licked by Cuco's tongue, as she sighed and smiled faintly, petting the big cat.

"Am I a burden?" she wondered.

"Mrao!" Cuco meowed cutely, as he rubbed his face over Xijun's belly and purred.

"Cuco…"

BOOOMMM!!!

However, a second after that, the entire walls right at the left side of Xijun opened wide as a group of five people emerged out of absolutely nowhere, floating in the sky!

"Now that your guardian is out, it is the perfect opportunity to take you, Key."

"W-Who are you!?" asked Xijun.

"You don't need to know."

"We are here simply to bring you with us."

"Cooperate and we won't harm you nor your friends there."

Their bodies were coated in black coats from head to toes, and they emanated enormous and powerful presences, overcharged with the power of a completely different dimension…

Xijun wasn't as good at discerning power levels as Gustav was, but she knew they were very strong, strong enough to pack a good punch.

But not as strong as her.

She gripped her fist and gritted her teeth, looking defiantly at the five men while her eyebrows furrowed.

"Water Breathing Technique."

FLASH!

Utilizing the simple technique learned here, Xijun multiplied its effects using her amazing talent and water affinity powers, her entire body began to flow with enormous quantities of Water-Attribute Divine Energy, her breath became calm and steady, like the ocean…

"Such a low-level technique won't do a single thing against our power, little girl!" laughed one of them men, as all five of them rushed towards her together, summoning giant weapons made of shadows and unleashing countless slicing attacks towards her!

The slicing attacks generated powerful shockwaves of slicing aura of darkness and shadows, vibrating around, and making the tower move around even more!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Xijun generated a barrier of water as she gritted her teeth while resisting the attacks.

"I cannot retaliate well if I am here, we have to get out of here to not cause any more destruction…" she thought.

"If you want me so badly come for me!" she said, as she flew into the skies like a river of water, three of them men followed her right way while the other two stood here.

"Let's capture these monsters, they must be her friends or something."

"We can blackmail her with them!"

The two imbeciles decided to confront Cuco and the other two monsters, as their attacks quickly reached them.

"GROAR!"

Cuco was tired of their bullshit, however, as he unleashed his true divine aura and flew through the skies towards one of the men, jumping over him and intercepting his blows with his claws and tail, while biting through his body! His barriers were of no use against his deadly claws and jaws!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"GROAR!"

Cuco's might seemed to know no bounds as he unleashed a constant barrage of attacks against the man, his shadow weapon was being cracked into pieces until it completely shattered! Cuco used this opportunity to bite him into the neck, crushing his bones and making the man cry in agony.

Cuco's jaws were strong, a single bite and then a bit of force and then…!

CRASH!

He beheaded the man mercilessly! He died on the spot, as his body flew down into the ground, and well, his soul was also being snacked by Wisp, the ghastly entity made of many souls, as it absorbed the soul of the man, without even giving him a second chance!

The last of the two was desperately fighting against Arachne, the daughter of the Scarlet Spider was fierce, she used her powerful and hard, metallic exoskeleton to defend herself, while using her metallic legs and the metallic exoskeleton armor over her upper body to attack, growing blades out of her hands, she sliced through the mans' attacks, breaking through his weapon as well, shattering it into pieces as his shadows were of no use against the almighty creature!

Gustav had made sure to leave them well buffed after all, their total power was at least over ten times their original power, and easily overwhelmed these run-of-the-mill villains!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"Aghhh! Y-You're just a damn monster! How come you're so strong?!"

Arachne didn't knew how to speak so she stayed mute, but a cocky smirk emerged in her flawless and beautiful face.

"Heh!"

CLASH!

The powerful blow clashed against him in an instant, throwing him off balance and into the side, as Cuco and Wisp emerged behind the wound-covered man, and ravaged his body into pieces mercilessly! All of his body was being torn apart, as his agonizing screams resonated around the entire city!

"Aaaagghhhh…!"

"Gyhahaha…!"

Wisp laughed devilishly as he devoured his soul, gaining a bit of power and information from the man's mind.

Gustav emerged right after they finished devouring both corpses, as he realized that Xijun wasn't here.

"Where's Xijun?!" he asked.

"Mrao!" Cuco didn't knew how to speak, but he quickly spoke to Gustav through telepathy, telling him that Xijun ran far away to fight the three men.

"Damn it…! Ervas, Vudia, Come!" said Gustav, as Ervas and Vudia emerged at his side in an instant.

"We are ready." Said Ervas.

"Tell us what to do!" said Vudia.

"Stay at my side, we are going to teleport… I don't know where she is exactly, but I know I can teleport whenever she is as long as I spend a lot of Mana and use Supreme Summoning…!" said Gustav, as he quickly used just that!

FLASH!

He quickly teleported where Xijun was, as he found her battling desperately!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 272 - The Power Of Abyssal Shadows!


-----

Xijun had decided to bring the men out from the sect's city at once. She was in a hurry and couldn't simply let them make destruction everywhere.

What she noticed, however, as that two of them stood back in the tower, probably wanting to do something to Cuco and the rest. She trusted their strength, as she flew away as far as possible.

After reaching an area where there was nobody, she quickly stopped and confronted all three at once, their malicious laughter was extremely cliché, they looked like they were brainwashed into becoming some typical evil villains!

One was carrying an axe, another a spear, and the third, a large blade! All of them exuded deadly dark shadows from within them, as Xijun noticed many jewels resonating around their bodies with large quantities of power…

"You guys really look shady." She sighed.

"Capture her!!!"

They were rather desperate to get her, and they were willing to just chop her limbs off to make it easier for them to capture her, quickly targeting her thin and delicate legs or arms, but Xijun quickly intercepted all three of them at once!

"Who would had thought that his technique would be so good…? Fisherman's Harpoon!"

CLASH!

Her hands suddenly were encompassed by large quantities of Water Divine Energy, forming into two enormous harpoons as she intercepted all three weapons at once, and then, she retaliated, fighting back by throwing powerful piercing attacks!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

All three men were thrown away with a masterful usage of her movements and strength, Xijun looked back at them as they suddenly coated themselves into shadows and grew stronger…!

"What the…?"

FLASH!

CLASH!

Al three of them suddenly increased in power by a tenfold! Xijun clearly noticed the change as her harpoons were being destroyed…!

"Bastards…" she muttered in a low voice, her aura suddenly exploded out of her body, as a massive amount of divine power emerged from her, unleashed like oceanic waves, and impacting them!

BOOOOMMM!!!

Xijun squinted her eyes as she decided to target one of them and kill it off quickly, reinventing the Harpoon and making it even stronger, bigger, and sharper.

FLASH!

She reached the man wielding an axe, as her hands unleashed a constant barrage of blows, piercing through the man's entire body, his shadow armor broke apart countless times as it regenerated back immediately, but his body was being filled with water-attribute runes, infecting them and inhibiting regeneration!

Her hands were like sharp harpoons- no, tridents!

The man's eyes grew more and more fearful as she saw the expressionless girl show off her true might! For a second, the image of an old man with tanned skin, a long and white beard and a bald head emerged, his eyes blazed with aquamarine light, his teachings and power now inherited into the girl!

"T-The Great Ocean Sage…! It can't be…!"

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"GRRYYYYYAAAAAAAAHHHH…!"

The man tried to defend but it was useless! Xijun was fierce! Her blows pierced his head countless times, his entire body was torn apart in an instant as his screams of agony were heard by nobody!

BOOM!

His entire body exploded into pieces, the other two men glared at her in utter surprise and horror!

"I'll call it Ocean God's Trident." Thought Xijun, looking at her evolved form of Fisherman's Harpoon, two enormous tridents made of water emerged over her hands, her blows were incredibly powerful now…!

The two men floating there didn't wasted another second, their mission was clear, they would simply have to go all out now, and do the unthinkable to win!

FLASH!

Xijun noticed too late, as entities from another Dimension were suddenly summoned by the two men's various jewels spread around their bodies, crimson-red eyes, dark tentacles, and monstrous auras emerged out of their bodies, as they were possessed by utterly abyssal beings!

"You were truly trained and raised by the Sage."

"Indeed, you're strong."

"But you puny humans have a limit."

"And our power, blessed by our Abyssal Dimensional Ruler… is endless."

The two men spoke with different and alien-like voices, Xijun felt an utter disgust emerge in her entire being as she felt like these beings very speech were trying to devour her mind and make her fall into insanity!

"Who are you?!" she asked.

"Kukuku, why would we even tell you that?" asked one of them.

"We are… what we are." Said another.

"That doesn't answer shit!" said Xijun.

"You don't really need to know!" laughed the first one.

"You're strong, but ultimately, this Dimensions Key! And you're going to be ours!" said the second.

"To think it would be so easy to find such an important artefact!" laughed the first.

"If we can get our hands into you…! Then acquiring this dimension's Dimensional Core and let the entire dimension be assimilated by our Dimensional Lord will be a piece of cake!" laughed the second.

"W-What are you even talking about? Key? What?" asked Xijun.

FLASH!

However, the two men were over with speeches and quickly moved to throwing fists, Xijun was suddenly bathed in attacks from several sides! She gritted her teeth tightly as she defended herself by using the Sea Turtle Shell Technique over her body, forming an armor of blue turtle shell!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

However, their blows this time around were formidable! They broke apart her turtle shell armor in an instant and forced Xijun to step back!

"W-What kind of power…!?" she asked in surprise.

"We told you! You don't stand a chance now!" laughed the two, as they cornered her from left and right and flew towards her!

CLAAAASHHH!!!

Xijun concentrated several barriers and sea turtle shells around her, but they were all being shattered into pieces by the interdimensional power of abyssal shadows that the beings possesing these men could unleash!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"Unnggh…! Gustav…!" muttered Xijun, as she was struggling to see a way out now that their power had suddenly skyrocketed so insanely high!

FLASH!

"You called?"

But just as she called for him… He came!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 273 - What Kind Of Monster Are You?!


-----

Gustav emerged when Xijun finally began to struggle! She might had taken down one of them, but after their mysterious powerup, these bastards were capable of doing many things.

Their power had suddenly skyrocketed to completely insane degrees, and it seemed as if the beings dwelling within their bodies were not even from this Dimension at all… there was something that Xijun felt that made them feel "not right" or something.

There was certainly something that had made the young and powerful girl find them strange.

However, Gustav showed up with the cavalry, his three pets, Cuco, Wisp, and Arachne came, alongside two of his allies, Ervas and Vudia!

This was the first time Xijun was seeing them, but she was surprised by how they looked like…

One of them was a handsome wolf-kin young man with a charming appearance, a sharp chin, bright crimson-red eyes, and long silvery-white hair, alongside black horns growing atop his head. He was wearing a black armor and holding a large black blade, despite that, he was actually more proficient at magic.

And to his side, there was an adorable young girl, with long golden-brown hair, a single yellow-gold eye, and a radiant appearance, as if she was made of gold. Her presence seemed angelical, and the complete opposite of the young lad.

"W-Wow… Gustav you're really here!" said Xijun, feeling hopeful.

CLASH!

However, the two fighters at each of her sides were still fighting against her relentlessly! They were not going to let her get away with it so easily…!

But Gustav was going to let them do that in front of his presence? Their powerful blows filled with interdimensional abyssal shadow energy were incredibly strong, but he easily Summoned the two right in front of him!

As they were fighting Xijun relentlessly and ignoring him, they suddenly felt their own sight changing, as they found themselves in front of Gustav!

CLAAAAAASSSSSHHH!

Both of them were suddenly stopped by Ervas and Vudia, who glared at them with dead-serious stares! Even the cute little Vudia was now fiercely glaring down at her adversaries!

"W-What? Teleportation?!"

"There's… no way! How come you can teleport us around?!"

The two were left shocked, even more was shocking that these were beings from another dimension way stronger than Gustav, supposedly, so how come he was sable to teleport them to his side so freely?

"By just glaring at you guys I can already tell you're bad news. So you're a pair of bastards from another Dimension? Why do you want Xijun? What do you want to do with her?" asked Gustav with a fierce stare, the two shadow-infused people suddenly had their black robes cut off, as Gustav was left shocked.

Both of these men he knew! One of them was the Sect Master, and the other… the Elder that welcomed them to the sect!

Were they colluding with this organization this entire time without him realizing?!

"Tsk! How are you even this strong?! I thought that we would had dealt with you using Arthurus…!"

"Y-You're…! What kind of monster are you and your pesky ants?!"

"Hahh… So it was you two old men this entire time? You're kidding me?" sighed Gustav.

"There's no time for this babbler, we'll kill you and get the girl!" roared the Sect Master, his water techniques were no more, as he had completely abandoned them and dived deep into the power of darkness he had embraced! The monstrous interdimensional being taking over his body continued to fuel him with near endless power, he felt invincible!

"We have to acquire the Key as our masters had ordered us… this entire world is going to be destroyed anyways! So why even care so much?!" roared the Elder, as he unleashed his own power of darkness from within, the two old men were suddenly wrapped in black armor with countless crimson-red eyes spread around their bodies!

Ervas and Vudia suddenly felt the pressure of their weapons growing larger as the two suddenly were pushed back!

CLAAAAASH!

"Agh…!"

"Nngh?!"

The two old men tried to rush back to Xijun, but Gustav smiled.

"You're now in my range of vision, you're pawns to my game." He said.

With a single thought, the two were once more teleported near Ervas and Vudia!

"W-What?!"

"Y-You can do this indefinitely?"

"Yes." Said Gustav with a domineering glare, his smile seemed calm and composed.

"I'll make sure to butcher you up really good. Make sure to give me all the EXP you got." Said Gustav.

CLASH! CLASH!

Ervas and Vudia received Gustav's buffs, as several skills, domains, and spirits possessed their bodies! The power of several elements resonated across their bodies as the two old men saw the power of their foes suddenly skyrocket!

Gustav had accumulated such a massive amount of Skills and buffing abilities as of now that doing something like this was easy as breathing! The power of his troops could easily be multiplied several times, even more as with another thought, a domain of light and darkness emerged, and thousands of bright angelic spirits emerged, alongside dark and demonic spirits!

Gustav's entire body was also being boosted in power as a group of these spirits began to fuse over his body over and over again, his aura growing bigger and bigger and bigger!

The two old men looked at the scene in disbelief!

Gustav's power was now skyrocketing insanely! And his aura of many types danced around, as they formed thousands of spears which suddenly merged into his main spear weapon, forging it into an even sharper and evolved version…!

Gustav's power… seemed endless!

Xijun looked at the scene with her mouth wide open.

"Xijun, fight at my side as well." Said Gustav, dozens of spirits flew towards Xijun, as she felt threatened, but suddenly realized they were merging with her to boost her power temporarily, skyrocketing all her capabilities and filling her with both divine and demonic power!

"T-This power…! Gustav… just how strong are you?!" asked Xijun.

"Hmm… Not even I have seen how far I can go yet…" said Gustav.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 274 - The Dark Dimension


-----

The Sect Master of the Ocean Sect recalled how he came to be with the communication of beings from another dimension, it happened roughly 50 years ago.

He had been sleeping over his throne when he suddenly found himself in a dark place, this was a nightmare.

He had been sleeping with frustration lately, without knowing how to breakthrough.

Despite hearing of the legends of the Sages who had all breakthrough into Supreme Gods, he had been trying for hundreds of years, but had yet to reach this stage.

While sleeping another night left exhausted from trying, he found himself inside a nightmarish and darkness-filled place.

In there, countless amorphous beings made of darkness and shadows greeted him, with glowing crimson-red eyes.

However, despite how they were supposedly many, they were something similar to a Hivemind…

Indeed, a Hivemind, they were many beings in one, all of them part of a single entity.

The Sect Master detected this monstrous being as he glared into the skies of this dark landscape.

In there, a massive crimson-red eye, with countless marks of blackness across its red-colored iris looked down on him…

"You… desire… power?"

It spoke three words.

The Sect Master was left speechless by the power of this entity.

It was so strong and majestically overwhelming he couldn't do anything, absolutely nothing!

However, deep down, he really wanted to accept! He wanted power over everything, after all he suffered on his childhood, after all the catastrophes, how the other sects destroyed his village and all those ha had escaped into, all for conquest and resources…! His family dying, everything…! These traumas catapulted him into growing in someone obsessed with power.

He wanted power and more power so he could ultimately destroy all these other sects, avenging his people and ultimately taking over the continent and the world of Azure!

This drive led him to insanity, to the insanity where accepting a deal with an utterly alien begin was totally okay!

"I don't know… what you are or what you want but… if you're genuine… show yourself to me when I wake up!" he said.

"…Understood."

And when he woke up, a crack in space time opened before his very eyes as countless darkness poured out of it like a sea of miasma.

"W-What?!" asked the Sect Master.

A crimson-red eye glared down on him.

"I am real… But I require… Key…" asked the man.

"What…?! Key? Why can't you come and do this work yourself?" asked the Sect Master.

"Confined… Weakened… I require the Key of this Dimension… So I can regain power… By devouring it." said the entity.

The entity made itself clear.

"D-Devouring… this dimension?!" asked the Sect Master.

"Key… little child… Pick her, bring her to me… I will do the rest." Said the entity.

"Won't I die if the dimension is devoured?!" asked the Sect Master.

"No… You become one of us… And grow stronger… Use the power to do whatever you want…" said the entity.

A black orb was given to the old man, and he used it to gain unprecedented interdimensional power… he absorbed it into his body and let his own body be possessed by a part of this monstrous being from another dimension…

He used this power to stealthily travel to every Sect in the Continent, the other three major ones, and defeated their sect masters, turning them into his slaves by brainwashing them…!

Quickly after, the Elders of his Sect and all other Sects succumbed to this power.

But Gustav was not able to notice this because they were using a power from another dimension way greater than his own.

After all, there was always a bigger fish!

The entire sect recruitment itself was a façade to find the girl made by this very old man!

Gustav was in disbelief by how small the world was! How come everything was a scheme from this old man the two had been treating like not much this entire time?

The shadows lurking around them were too deep!

But how was Gustav able to learn this in the middle of a fight?

Well, Gaia helped him in create a new spell in a single second using Emotion and Illusion Magic named [Memory Devouring] he was able to devour the memories of others after merely glaring at them. This didn't deleted their own memories, nor had any effect on the target, but it allowed Gustav to slowly acquire bits of the memories of his foes, and learn their plans and what they've been up to!

And he quickly learned that Xijun was somewhat a "Key" to the Dimension?! What were the odds for him to ever find her?

Wait… he remembered something else! When he had that dream with the Dimensional Core after he acquired his new Physique…

The Dimensional Core had said that it would find a way to lead him to her… but that he had to hurry and find her himself as well.

"So nothing was a casualty but was predestined!" thought Gustav. Even until now, his physique had been evolving more and more, and his connection with the entire Dimension was growing slightly more.

After all, the amazing Physique he had was forged by the power of several Universes and their Energies, alongside the very energy of the Dimensional Core itself…

This Physique was made by fusing countless Skills to the point that he broke the very laws of the Dimension and the Dimensional Core, branding him as the Dimensional Guardian due to his efforts on stopping a Dimensional Invasion and also by being the Player chosen by the One Above All Creation…

He was obviously the chosen one from the very beginning, well, it was already obvious from the very beginning…

CLAAASH!

Gustav clashed against the Sect Master as the darkness within his body continued to grow deeper and larger, his troops began to attack him from all sides, trying to tear him apart and consume him, but the old man was a resilient bastard, fighting back masterfully and generating weapons of shadows that exploded into even more darkness…!

------

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 275 - The Fierce Power Of My Summons


-----

The Sect Master was initially fighting Ervas.

Ervas swift movements were incredible, even more after he fused with so many spirits. The spiritual power of these entities infused into his body increased all of his capabilities by hundreds of times. The Skills he had been sharpening and learning this entire time all came into use now.

His powerful Psionic Energy shaped into countless invisible attacks, fist-shaped invisible blows fell over the Sect Master from all sides, as explosions ensued each time the attacks clashed against his body.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Meanwhile, Ervas other abilities were also triggering, Gaia, his Life Spirit emerged at his side can and conjured countless spears made of wood, sharp spear-like wood enhanced thousands of times with the power of Life coursing through it!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

The Sect Master had to bear even more as Ervas seemed to have suddenly become amazing at using the blade after countlessly practicing, his animalistic attacks which were fueled with wild movements and techniques were now enhanced even more through the usage of a gigantic black blade infused with enormous power, an incredibly rare drop he got once by defeating a powerful foe in a dungeon!

SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!

Three different attacks at the same time bathed the Sect Master! Any normal being would already be left devasted, but the power coursing through his veins was not of this Dimension…!

After all, the being boosting his power through the roof was a being known as Dimensional Rulers.

Much like the original body of the tentacle that Gustav had to kill once, this Dimensional Ruler was a being that had completely assimilated an entire Dimension and was invisible on his own dimension!

With such incredible power, how could he lose?!

Although he took substantial damage, he pushed forward with a sickly smile, as the Sect Master had long ago stopped being a human and turned into something else… absorbed by the Hivemind of this monstrous Dimensional Ruler!

"Gyahahaha! You gotta do more than that!" he laughed, his entire body covered in shadows and darkness unleashed a tremendous wave of weapon-shaped projectiles, firing them at his foe at an incredible speed.

Ervas had to swiftly evade while the massive weapons reached near him. He moved swiftly across the skies, but the powerful weapons exploded right on contact, throwing him around!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"Damn it!"

Ervas roared, going all out, his Psionic Energy was unleashed completely as the power of his mind was released, his brain generated gigantic waves of invisible energy that distorted everything around him, but the Sect Master unleashed an ocean of eternal obscurity, clashing against his invisible psionic energy and contaminating it with evil darkness…!

"HAAAH!"

Ervas roared loudly, his entire Aura transformed into his Soul Beast as a massive black wolf emerged from his body, encompassing itself on his Psionic Energy and forming an armor with it, rushing towards the Sect Master and then attacking him with its jaws, biting through his entire body and destroying a large part of his darkness!

"Unnggh…! Aaaagggh…!"

The Sect Master groaned in agony, but the Wolf had another trump card!

BOOOOOMMM!!!

It exploded!

"Aaagggh…!"

The Sect Master was engulfed in this deadly explosion, as Ervas was left exhausted, looking at the monstrous old man, only to see him very wounded, but still alive!

"You…" Ervas said, looking at the monstrous old man.

"Hahahaha! Gyahahaha- Eh?!"

CLASH!

However, a Summoner wielding a massive spear pierced through the man's defenses and clashed against him a second after, his memories were copied into Gustav's mind another second after that, as he realized the truth at long last, while also transferring this knowledge to Xijun and the rest. All of this in just three seconds!

BOOMMM!!!

The Sect Master clashed over the floor down below, a wild forest was left devasted as a massive crater was left before his body.

"Nngh… B-Bastard…!"

The old man stood up once more, as the shadows within him suddenly grew frustrated.

"You're a useless pawn… Let me take over you completely."

"W-What? Stop! Agh!"

The monstrous Dimensional Ruler from the Abyssal Shadow Dimension used his powers as part of his body and soul completely fused with the Sect Master, changing his entire body structure, and turning him into a being of pure darkness, covered from head to toe into a black armor.

"Much better…" the Dimensional Ruler had taken over his host completely. Although this wasn't close to his complete power, it was more than enough for him to think he can deal with Gustav and his troops now!

However, in front of him, a sea of spirits of light and darkness reached him, and impacted over his entire body like meteors, exploding constantly over and over and over again!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"Let's see how far you can go!" laughed Gustav, as he constantly unleashed summons over the Sect Master, while Vudia and Xijun dealt with the Sect Elder!

CLASH!

"Hmph… You little girl, you've been a real trouble to be captured, yet you're still resisting! Don't you realize that as long as you resist and fight back, many more will suffer? Don't you remember all those destructions in the sect? the tower?!" asked the Elder.

"Don't believe him, Xijun! He just wants to make you feel bad!" said Vudia.

"I know, and I honestly don't even care if the entire sect is destroyed anyways." Said Xijun.

"Ah, well, much better." Said Vudia.

"Y-You little girls dare to think you can stand a chance against the vessel of a Dimensional Ruler as power as our master?! You're courting death! Fine…! I am going to just kill you!" laughed the Elder, going completely insane as he unleashed his dark shadow powers, reaching Xijun in an instant, only to be hit by a massive fist made of pure gold from Vudia's powers! This was her Gold Golem, now upgraded into a Titan made of Gold she could create in a split of a second!

"GRUUUUOOOOHHH…!"

CLAAAASH!!!

"W-What?!"

The massive golden fist clashed over his small body, sending him flying into the ground!

BOOOOOOOMMM!!!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 276 - Extinguish The Darkness!


-----

Vudia's titan made of gold, an upgrade of her old gold golem, unleashed its mighty power against the Elder, who had been parasitized by the powerful entity from the Abyssal Shadow Dimension!

BOOOOMMM!!!

The enormous blow hit the Elder as if the fist of a human clashed against a mere fly!

The enormous impact force made all of the Elder's bones quickly break apart, as the old man felt his entire body break apart, his agony had not even ended before he was thrown into the ground and clashed over the floor, leaving an enormous crater!

CLAAAAASSSSHHH!!!

"GRUAAH…!"

The old man gritted his teeth as he resisted the agony of his entire body, the monstrous entity taking over his body quickly tried to suppress the pain and heal his entire body, but there was certainly a limit in how much it could do to aid him, especially by how bad the wound seemed to be!

The darkness and shadows of this interdimensional entity began to pour out of his body, completely covering him with a dark and black armor. His bones and muscles were reinforced to his limits, as the wounds were quickly recovered.

However, before he could ever stand up again!

TRUUUUMMM…!

A massive golden fist was already falling over him, like a tremendous meteor, the massive fist began to fall, it was as if the heavens themselves were putting judgement over the man's soul for sinning and siding with someone that only desired to devour the Dimension where he was born!

"Go for it!" said Vudia, as the gigantic titan of gold clashed over the old man with his fists, not only once, but several times, his two gigantic fists began to pulverize the ground where the old man was, each hit making waves across the entire landscape as the old man's entire body was being flattened like a pancake constantly!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

"GRUUUAAGGGH…!"

No matter how much defense and regeneration factor he was getting, there was a limit to a human's body, even one as old as him!

The entity within the old man raged in frustration, as a massive beam of darkness clashed against the Gold Titan, coming from the old man's very core, the titan was suddenly pushed back slightly!

CLAAAASH!

The massive beam of darkness, however, quickly received a retaliation, as Vudia infused her powers into the Titan made of Gold and made it explode into deadly yellow-gold lightning, cracking around incessantly as the power of the titan multiplied several times!

TRUUUUMMM…!

A massive explosion of thunder fell over the beam of darkness, like a gigantic judgement of a god of the skies, the gigantic thunder beam overwhelmed the darkness, only for an instant!

CLAAAAASH!

"GRAAAAAH!"

The old man roared as the monstrous being taking over his body raged, his body began to distort and grow amorphous, as a mass of darkness and shadows, it generated several grotesque jaws, each jaw unleashing a beam of darkness each!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The four beams of darkness unleashed several explosions over the titan as they fell over it, Vudia gritted her teeth as the titan groaned loudly, lightning began to concentrate all around it, unleashing one last shockwave of thunder!

TRUUUUMMM!!!

Light overwhelmed darkness as it consumed everything, the amorphous entity was devoured by it, and everything around!

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

A massive explosion of catastrophic proportions was unleashed, Gustav was thankful that they were not near a city or something…

Vudia sighed in exhaustion, as she rested over the gold titan.

"Phew, that was tough! What the heck is wrong with this old man? So strong!" she complained, as she slowly sat down.

"No, he's not dead yet…" said Ervas, wound at the side of Vudia, as Vudia's eye suddenly flashed with lightning.

FLASH!

BOOOM!!!

A massive mass of shadows suddenly reached up to her, as the titan suddenly turned into liquid gold and became a gigantic sphere, protecting Ervas and Vudia inside!

CLAAAAAASSSSSHHH!!!

"GRUUUOOOHHH!"

A monstrous being resembling an amorphous mass of darkness with many jaws, eyes, and tentacles began to hit the barrier made of liquid metal!

"That thing's still alive?!" asked Vudia in shock.

"I told you…" said Ervas.

"W-What do we now?!" asked Vudia.

"I am mostly fine now but… its power had skyrocketed to new limits, and Master and Xijun, are busy dealing with the Sect Master…" said Ervas.

"We have to do it ourselves then, we cannot possibly annoy our Master… He's giving his Mana, we have to do the rest!" said Vudia.

"I agree… Let's give it a shot." Said Ervas.

The gigantic sphere of gold suddenly shaped itself once more into an enormous fist, covering itself with lightning, it clashed over the mass of darkness and shadows that the sect elder had ended turning himself into, as he was thrown around into the air!

BOOOOMMM!!!

"GRYYEEEGGH…!

The mass of darkness groaned grotesquely as it flew away in pain, the fist detached itself from Vudia's gold titan and continued attacking the mass of shadows reaching the ground and exploding!

BOOOM!!!

The darkness was once more consumed by lightning, as Ervas and Vudia jumped into action together!

"Let's go!" said Vudia.

"Very well…" said Ervas.

Vudia coated herself in a full armor of gold, with two gigantic fists made of gold as well, which were made out of her titan, while Ervas coated himself in shadows as a wolf-like specter emerged, roaring fiercely!

FLASH! FLASH!

The two flew like a flash of yellow-gold and dark shadows, reaching the weakened shadow amorphous beast that was once the sect elder!

"HYAAAA!"

"RAAAA!"

The two roared fiercely, raising their weapons and clashing against the weakened monstrous entity, as its tentacles and jaws intercepted their blows, but its body quickly began to be torn apart by their explosive blows!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Vudia's enormous golden fists were like mountains falling over this shadow, each blow of hers released an explosive shockwave of lightning, taking out chunks of darkness from the entity over and over again!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 277 - Relentless Battle!


-----

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

The enormous blows that the entity of darkness was receiving were overwhelming! Vudia was putting a lot of effort as her gigantic metallic gold fists were like mountains that fell over the shadows!

Each of her blows was coated in several layers of lightning, and each time they clashed over the darkness, they generated explosive shockwaves of lightning that continued to unleash a deadly attack, the monstrous being's shadows began to be quite literally torn apart!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Each blow cut apart darkness from within, which couldn't be easily regenerated anymore, these chunks of darkness quickly died off, being purified by Vudia's powerful lightning!

"GRUUUAAAAAHH!"

The monstrous being unleashed an unsightly scream as it proceeded to counterattack Vudia, trying to kill her off by shaping several parts of its dark body into incredibly sharp all-piercing dark spears!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"Not going to let ya!"

However, Ervas intercepted them as he waved his two black daggers. He now had an amazing weapon that could turn in anything he wanted, so he had been practicing all sorts of weapons, dual wielding daggers was incredibly efficient in these sorts of scenarios!

He intercepted each dark spear and threw it into the air, as Vudia smiled defiantly and jumped from behind him, her aura expanding through the powerup granted by Gustav and his various spirits summoned and then merged into her temporarily!

"YAAA!"

CLAAAAASSSSHH!

A massive blow hit the shadows once more as an explosive wave of lightning ensued right after! Vudia put both of her gigantic fists together and formed a drill, making it spin constantly as she began to pierce through the darkness and shadows while trying to seek the core!

She knew that there was a core, after fighting this thing this long, she had already detected that there was a core inside of the formerly human's chest, if she destroyed it, the connection between the human and the entity from another dimension would weaken and eventually disappear!

TRUUUUUMMM!!!

"GRUUOOHHHH…!"

The powerful and enormous spiraling drill was explosively effective, the lightning coating it made for extra damage while the constantly spinning drill was rushing and crushing through all the darkness!

However, the beast was not going down yet, it was relentless and annoying at that! Its body, although fixated in the ground due to Vudia's attack, was still spreading around into various masses of darkness that shaped into enormous hands and claws, eyes, and tentacles, trying to take her down from all sides!

But Ervas was there to protect Vudia, using his fast speed and the wolf-like specter emerging from within him, fusing with the other spirits he was infused with, the enormous power and speed he gained was unmatched, he clashed against each attack and sent it back, cutting down limbs and tentacles made of shadows without stopping, and rather mercilessly!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Red-colored beams came out of the eyes of the shadow darkness, but Ervas intercepted them with his daggers, although sometimes his body was weakened, but as a summon, he could bear the wounds rather well and continue to fight back!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"GRAAAAAAAAHHH…!"

The old man couldn't help but groan grotesquely, it wasn't that old man anymore, his mind and soul were completely seized by this dark entity, the Dimensional Ruler of the Abyssal Dimension!

"Come on…! Just die already, you stubborn geezer!" roared Vudia, her drill finally reached the core at long last, as she infused millions of mana into the blow!

Crack… crack…!

"I-Impossible…!" cried the entity, as the core was being cracked, and then…!

CRAAAASH!

The tip of the drill finally crushed it! The entire core was shattered into pieces, as the shadows suddenly exploded into smoke!

BOOOOOOOMMM!!!

The darkness spread all around, but everything suddenly turned still…

The darkness was nothing but just that, smoke, as the corpse of an old man, massacred and almost turned into pulp, emerged in the floor alongside a shattered black jewel…

The two summons rested over the floor, gasping for air…

"Hahh… We did it, Ervas!" said Vudia, as she tightly hugged Ervas and kissed his cheek.

"E-Eh? W-Why would you do that?!" asked Ervas in shock, as he blushed.

"It is just to celebrate we won! That was hard, isn't it? I wouldn't had been able to do it without your help…" said Vudia.

"I suppose… That thing… it definitely came from another Dimension, it is just like Master told us through telepathy after he inspected the mind of the Sect Master." Said Ervas, sitting over the floor.

"Yeah… Its blows were strong, they hit directly into our Summon Origins… I don't think we can fight again for a while…" sighed Vudia.

"Indeed… Let's go back to our ethereal forms for now, let's entrust this fight to our Master, Xijun, and the rest…" said Ervas.

"You're right…" said Vudia.

POOF! POOF!

The two slowly dissipated into magic smoke and disappeared, turning back into ethereal forms within Gustav's soul.

Gustav heard clearly what they spoke though. They seemed to have said that the entity from the other dimension was able to directly inflict damage into their Summoning Origins…!

He gritted his teeth in anger, this was bad.

The power of this being was truly in a completely different level, the same way than the tentacle he once fought, if not even greater and stronger.

But what was the Summoning Origin? Well, it was the same thing as the Origin Core of a normal person but for Summons. Despite being incapable of conventionally dying through the destruction of their bodies, Summons still have souls, and inside of their souls, the Summon Origin remains.

It is the core of their very being, if it is directly attacked several times, it might even break and shatter into pieces, killing the Summon… yes, summons can get killed in such a way.

Thankfully, Vudia and Ervas were incredibly strong summons, their Origin Cores were not going to die so easily. And they ended winning at the end, but were greatly weakened…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 278 - Breaking My Limits


-----

Due to ending weakened, the pair quickly retreated into ethereal forms and saved themselves inside of Gustav's soul, leaving the rest to him and Xijun, and well, the three powerful beasts at the side of Gustav, Cuco, Arachne, and Wisp!

A kilometer away from where their fight was going on, another massacre was happening as the Sect Master, now completely taken over by the Dimensional Ruler of the Abyssal Dimension was being overwhelmed by a rain of Holy and Demonic Spirits that were constantly exploding and bombarding him!

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!

"Nnnngghh…! I-I can barely advance…!" muttered the entity, the endless charge that Gustav was unleashing over the entity was relentless! It was as if he had endless energy!

And well, thanks to the Mana Factory inside his Divine Realm, such a thing was possible. He had been accumulating insane quantities of magical items and materials for all this time and piling them up to use them in such a moment.

Millions of items and materials were now being consumed into their most ethereal form inside this factory, thrown into the primordial blue furnace which consumed everything and turned it back to their most primordial form… Mana!

Like this, aside from his completely insane regeneration speed, Gustav was pushing through by consuming materials and had even planned to consume gold, hero feathers, and hero fragments if necessary, or even Orbs! He wasn't going to let this monster get away, and he was going to fend it off at all costs!

Xijun, after being helped out by Vudia, flew back to Gustav after she saw that Vudia's power and Ervas strength were enough to eliminate the Elder, and was as of now, shaping and learning new powers as she used the techniques, she learned in the Ocean Sect!

After simply acquiring these techniques, Xijun had felt like her powers were evolving constantly. This wasn't an exaggeration! It felt as if by acquiring these techniques, Xijun had unlocked three whole Skill Trees, and she was now steamrolling through all the learnable Skills through her sheer talent and amazing amount of Mana.

Water Breathing Technique suddenly evolved as Xijun's breath turned even calmer than before, yet raging and overwhelmingly domineering, her entire body suddenly exuded a gigantic aura as her metabolism was suddenly skyrocketed!

"Water God's Breathing Art…"

FLAAAAASSSSHHH!!!

Gustav's eyes opened wide as he saw Xijun suddenly learn a new Art through using that little technique as the starting point! He had already see her do it before using the Fisherman's Harpoon, but this was still surprising.

And then, she continued to develop the Ocean Turtle Shell Technique, which helped the user generate shells of an ocean turtle around their body to defend.

However, she evolved such technique countless times into arriving into its peak…!

FLASH!

A sudden azure armor grew around all of her small body, covering every inch and only leaving her face uncovered, her long silvery-white hair waved by the powerful oceanic winds that her entire aura produced!

"Ocean's God Divine Armor!"

Gustav looked at Xijun's amazing armor with shock, the armor alone was exuding a gigantic amount of power, she had now powered up!

He smiled at her as he looked back at their adversary, the monstrous entity from the Abyssal Dimension was relentless, he had already begun to unleash massive shockwaves of abyssal darkness everywhere, trying to take down Gustav's spirits before they could explode and failing miserably until its one hundredth attempt!

FLAAAAAAASSSSH!

The massive shockwave of darkness finally intercepted the thousands of spirits as they exploded in midair, without being able to reach it anymore!

The monstrous entity felt joyous as it unleashed an explosion of darkness from its foot, flying towards Gustav at a ridiculous speed, resembling a line of black color that reached him in less than a second!

But Gustav was going to let him get away with it?

His entire body was already overflowing with not just a few dozen, but thousands of summoned spirits stacking up countless effects and ridiculous amounts of stats!

While his allies had a smaller limit to this, Gustav had evolved his Summoning powers to such ridiculous extents that he could even allow himself to powerup in such ways!

The countless of spirits resonated inside of his body, as there were a few other thousand more inside of his very spear, which had shapeshifted and turned into an even more majestic weapon due to that!

CLAAAAASSSSSSHHH!

The black weapons made by the entity of darkness clashed against Gustav's enormous and glorious golden and black spear, shocking the entity!

"Y-You…! What kind of power?!" it asked in shock, he felt fear!

Yes, a Dimensional Ruler felt feat over a being countless times weaker than him!

Why?

Well, because he was defying logic itself, and his power… somehow, was beginning to compare to him?

However, the entity was only panicking, it was rather obvious that against a Dimensional Ruler not at full strength, as it was only manifesting over an unsuitable vessel, that Gustav would hold a greater advantage!

And he made it clear with a prideful aura around his body, a roaring golden dragon made of rainbow flames suddenly emerged out of his chest, roaring loudly, it was his Beast Spirit!

"GROOOOOARRRR!!!"

"Ungh?! A Beast Spirit from that one dimension?!"

The entity was left surprised as he saw a power that shouldn't even belong to this dimension coming out of Gustav's chest!

"I will show you the difference between you and I…" said Gustav, his stare suddenly turned utterly diabolic as it felt like he had become the abyss that shouldn't be stared for too long!

The powers that he had been given by the Great One Above all Creation were not to scoff at! At this point, Gustav was developing his powers to the level that he had reached a turning point!

The two clashed against one another in a constant exchange of blows, the dark weapons of the dark entity were powerful and left large wound over Gustav, sometimes even leaving enormous holes over his armor and body, but they quickly regenerated back unnaturally! He was not a human anymore!

"By summoning back my own flesh lost with my wounds, I can regenerate endlessly… And by summoning back the energy I lost with his blows, I can regain lost energy…"

A sudden realization came into Gustav's mind!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 279 - Completely Logic Defying!


-----

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

"Ocean God's Trident!!!"

TRUUUUUUUMMMM…!

"GRAAAAGGH?!"

Xijun unleashed an enormous powerful blow against the shadow entity from behind, as it was trying to overwhelm Gustav!

Xijun's enormously strong blow showed up like a gigantic fifty-meter-big trident made of raging divine ocean water, coming from her very fists covered in armor!

The powerful blow felt as if Poseidon had truly emerged this time, clashing against the shadow entity and throwing him into the ground!

BOOOOMMM!!!

Gustav and Xijun flew towards the shadow entity, as the three beasts behind them followed quickly, they had also been distracting the entity each time, and putting their own weight!

Gustav's entire aura emanated an enormous quantity of Mana, everywhere! It suddenly generated thousands of spears made of combined elements, as he sent them flying towards the entity!

"I also made one similar to that!" said Xijun, as Gustav smiled back at her, admiring the genius girl as her aura expanded like an endless ocean that encompassed even stars!

Thousands of tridents suddenly emerged one after another, flying down towards the shadow entity!

CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH! CLASH!

Thousand after thousands of tridents and spears began to fall over the shadow entity, overwhelming it with complete and utter dominance!

The powerful blows continued to break through as the shadow monster groaned in agony, his vessel wasn't able to keep up with this ridiculous onslaught!

"GRUUUUAAAAAAAAHHH…!"

A pitiful groan of both anger and agony came out of his monstrous abyssal shadow maw, as his entire body began to distort with each blow, turning into a mass of shadows which quickly restructured itself into a gigantic… shadow dragon?!

"What a pathetic copycat!" said Gustav, pridefully sending off his enormous Divine Beast Spirit, his powerful rainbow flames dragon, which descended tyrannically over his enemy and unleashed a powerful rainbow flame attack!

TRUUUUUMMM…!

The shadow entity now turned into a dragon also did the same, as a breath of rainbow flames and black flames clashed against one another!

"I might have multiple of those." Said Xijun.

TRUUUUUMMM…!

Suddenly, her Aura was unleashed even more expansively as countless Oceanic Beasts made of her Divinity jumped out of the endless oceans of her Aura Domain, they were the countless Supreme God-level Divine Beasts she had hunted and eaten since she was a mere child, when she was being trained by her grandfather!

Enormous Ocean Snakes, Gigantic Megalodons, Monstrous Ocean Dragons, Almighty Titanic Jellyfish Emperors, and more!

These enormous Divine Beasts were all the equivalent of a Divine Spirit Beast for Xijun!

"So you're finally showing off your true power, Xijun!" laughed Gustav happily, as he couldn't disappoint her either!

"Okay guys, time to unleashe your true potential as well, come!" said Gustav.

"GROAR!"

Cuco, Wisp, and Arachne reached Gustav as they infused their power and souls into him, fusing with him!

FLAAAASH!

His aura and countless other spirits within him merged with the three beasts, as his Dragon flew back to him!

And then…!

An explosion of elemental transcendence emerged, his physique reacted to all this power and suddenly unleashed a power that even composed dimensional power!

FLAAAASSSHHH!!!

"I-Impossible…! Y-You can't… What… just what are you?!" asked the entity from within the Abyssal Dimension, he was a foolish entity that had devoured everything relentlessly and barley had proper intelligence, relying always on sheer power.

Well, Gustav did so as well, and was now about to show him what TRUE fear felt like!

After combining all of such entities and powers within himself, Gustav emerged anew as a powerful being of his own! Retaining his humanoid appearance, he was now way taller than before, easily surpassing 5 meters, and his entire body was filled with tattoos and an armor depicting the creatures merged with him, a roaring and furious panther, a phantasmal entity of many souls, a powerful crimson-red Arachne, and a roaring and furious rainbow flame dragon, and many more spirits!

His spear took into this power as it took a ridiculous size, growing into a 50-meter-tall spear! Gustav was now untapping this power he had yet to unleash, he was finally discovering how far he could go, but… it seemed that there was no limit to him!

Xijun at his side was also unleashing her power while bathing the shadow entity with her attacks, as the oceanic beasts suddenly began to merge with her constantly, thousands of them at once!

Her entire body suddenly grew more mature, as she also turned into a giantess of her own, her hair was now like waves of ocean, and her azure armor resonated with the beautiful brilliance of the sea! A beautiful crown filled with bright jewels adorned her head, as her aquamarine eyes unleashed a truly divine light form within! Xijun had transformed, untapping her true forms as well!

The two titans flew towards the darkness, as an overwhelming power of pure transcendence befell the shadow entity!

"Primordial Sea Judgement, Oceanus!" said Xijun.

"The Primordial End, Ragnarök!" said Gustav.

Two Primordial powers converged together into a beautiful spectacle of utter destruction!

BOOOOOMMMM!!!

"Nnnggh…! Y-You can't… do… this…!"

CRAAASH!

The entire old man that was making up the vessel was turned into ashes and vaporized alongside his soul, completely gone out of existence!

However, the attack didn't end there, no!

As the Dimensional Ruler of the Abyssal Dimension suddenly retrieved a part of his mind and powers to his dimension, he began to gasp for air, as if his entire being had been weakened…

"T-This is… impossible…"

"Oh yeah?"

"HUH?!"

Crack… crack!

CRASH!

The walls between dimensions were suddenly shattered, as the enormous spiraling power that brough an end to his vessel reached the Dimensional Ruler!

BOOOOOMMM!!!

The powerful attack crushed through the entire dimension, as Gustav brought from his very physique the dimensional power needed for this transcendental feat!

"Y-You dare come to attack me… Ngh…. In my… dimension?! Aggh… W-What the…?! W-What is this… all-consuming power?!" cried the entity.

"I am simply summoning countless times the same attack we threw at you… though it is very taxing." Answered Gustav.

This was… completely logic defying!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 280 - The Agonizing Cry Of A Dimensional Ruler!


-----

The walls of dimensions shattered as the many Dimensional Rulers across the vast Dimensional Expanse heard the agonizing screams of a young Dimensional Ruler!

All these powerful entities that had completely assimilated Dimensions thought of themselves as invincible in every possible way, toying with the lives of anyone below their power level, they were even above the Ragnarök itself and were the true winners of this entire Dimensional Apocalypse.

The Great One Above All Creation suddenly looked down into the Dimension where the Player with the Supreme Summoning System was…

He looked with eyes wide open.

For the first time on all his existence…

He was left dumbfounded.

"What?"

He looked at what was happening without believing it.

Because… truly, it was something that went against all logic, even the logic of a being that could easily manipulate Dimensions such as himself!

Breaking a dimension to invade another? No, that wasn't the issue. Many beings were already able to do that, even the lowest god could do this now that the dimensional membranes were weakened.

But the issue was that Gustav, a being merely at Supreme God Level, was now… killing a Dimensional Ruler?!

That was… merely iconcevable!

It was totally impossible!

It went against all logic ever made up by all Dimensional Rulers.

"T-This is impossible, the Tickets are a mere diversion for my own enjoyment, how come he… Huh?! A traitor!"

The Great One Above all Creation never expected this! A traitor, yes, a traitor from the beings that served him had touched all Player Tickets and had modified them without his divine permission!

He noticed how the limit of the power they could get from these Systems wasn't limited as he made them be. At the end, he wasn't going to make a being strong enough to kill him, he was going to see them fight and struggle, and one day see them face to face, only to end there as things wouldn't be any fun anymore.

However, one of his servants, another Dimensional Ruler, perhaps one of the dozens tasked to create these tickets, had modified them, and taken away the "limiter".

This made it so… the ones wielding such Systems had endless potential!

And Gustav had reached that very point where he could tap into acquiring this endless power…

Suddenly, several Dimensional Messages from Dimensional Rulers working with him that saw this entire Apocalypse as a mere diversion not that far from a mere TV Show suddenly began to send him several Dimensional Messages, complaining how this was even possible!

"What have you done?!"

"Foolish old man!"

"You've given mortals the power to kill us?!"

"We are cutting our business! You won't get a single Dimensional Crystal from me anymore!"

"Wait…! No!" roared the Great One Above All Creation, the entire business around the Dimensional Apocalypse was collapsing!

And it was all… Gustav's fault!

The one that had once sworn to go there and kill him… he was infuriating him beyond any belief, beyond anything he could had ever predicted!

"GRRYYYYYAAAAGGGGGHH…!"

The screams of the Dimensional Ruler of the Abyssal Dimension resonated across the Vast Dimensional Expanse where many Dimensions gathered together into a galaxy-like formation.

His entire dimension began to shatter alongside his very being! Dimensional Rulers were entities that had assimilated their Dimensions, and therefore, their very Dimensions were their bodies too.

"Supreme Summoning!"

Gustav continuously summoned the same attack he and Xijun had unleashed combined together against the Dimensional Ruler! He resisted all he wanted, using all sorts of powers, the shadows of his very dimension distorted reality around Gustav and Xijun, and tried to destroy them and all of their existence!

Gustav, even with this endless power he was slowly learning to use, began to struggle, but he was decided to take down this monster and absorb his power! But… will he be able to?!

"Gustav!"

Xijun suddenly touched Gustav's hand, as her Soul resonated brightly!

"Ah…!"

Gustav's eyes flashed with surprise as he suddenly saw a beautiful white key emerge before him!

"This is… The Dimensional Key!"

"I found it out when I began to fight and unleash my power… I remember that my grandfather once showed it to me… He said that this Key would one day save everyone… Please, use it!" she said.

"Xijun…! Very well!" said Gustav, grasping the key, which was actually part of Xijun herself, as the key itself suddenly opened a lock, something within his original Dimension, that was unleashed!

TRUUUUUUMMMM…!

A sudden wave of Dimensional Energy began to come out of the crack in the Abyssal Dimension, as from within Gustav's original dimension, the power of the Dimensional Core was unleashed!

"Gustav, The Player! The Dimensional Guardian, I've finally found you!"

The voice of the Dimensional Core that Gustav had once heard suddenly resonated across space and time, as it reached Gustav once and for all!

"It's… you!" said Gustav.

TRUUUUMMM!!!

A wave of endless dimensional energy suddenly reached Gustav, as his entire being began to overflow with power, and so did Xijun!

"This key… it was the key to such power?!" asked Gustav in shock!

FLASH! FLASH!

Suddenly, before him, Kireina and Anna emerged!

"Ah, you two!"

"You thought we were going to miss the fun?" asked Kireina.

"You should had called us earlier!" said Anna.

But how was it possible for them to teleport here leisurely?!

Well, this was because just two seconds ago, the Dimensional Power that Gustav acquired was shared with all his Summons!

All of his Summons suddenly acquired such Dimensional Power, overflowing through their very beings, and making all their status skyrocket, their skills evolve, and their very self's upgrade!

Alongside that, they gained a variety of new abilities, amongst them there was the power of Dimensional Breach, giving them the power to teleport across dimensions… and well, Gustav had already acquired it!

FLASH! FLASH!

Right after Kireina and Anna, Vudia and Ervas also emerged at the side of Gustav, overflowing with Dimensional Power as well!

"Papa, we are helping too!" said Vudia.

"Master, let us lend you a hand once more!" said Ervas.

"Everyone…!" said Gustav in excitement.

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 281 - Assaulting A Different Dimension!


-----

"Now, Gustav, use this power to defeat hits vicious parasite! He had been trying to devour this Dimension for eons now, his shadows had been slowly extending around my entire membrane, eliminate him before it is too late!" said the Dimensional Core, finally finding a proper vessel to all her power, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that Gustav might become a Dimensional Ruler!

Gustav and his summons, alongside Xijun, and his tamed pets merged into his body alongside his Spirit Beast Dragon all gathered their power together, as the constant summoning of their ultimate attack suddenly was strengthened by a billionth fold!

TRUUUUUUUMMM…!

CLAAAAASSSSSSHHHH!!!

"Nnggh?! Aghh…! I cannot… fight back?! T-This is the power of another Dimension?! Aggh… Y-You've… become a Dimensional Ruler?!" asked the Abyssal Dimension Dimensional Ruler in complete shock over the situation!

No on his wildest of dreams could he had guessed that Gustav would turn into such an entity, but it was all meticulously orchestrated by the Dimensional Core herself!

She helped Gustav evolve the Physique that could make a connection with her, and she also helped Gustav land into the Universe and the planet where the Dimensional Key was located.

The moment Gustav fended off the first wave of Dimensional Conquerors that she had already decided to turn him into her Dimensional Ruler, the one deserving of her power!

Crack… crack…

CRACK!

Enormous Dimensional Fractures emerged all around the Abyssal Dimension, as an endless wave of darkness and monstrous shadow beings fell over Gustav and his part, constantly trying to devour them and annihilate them from the face of the world, only to be greeted by enormous and all-consuming attacks that were completely logic-defying, and summoned billions of times per second!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

CRAACK!

Another fracture emerged in the Abyssal Dimension, as the Dimensional Ruler began to grow more and more desperate! It should had never tried to invade this dimension if something like this would had happened!

"All of you, unleash Plan B!"

However, he wasn't without a plan B!

All the powerful beings that had become his vessels within the Dimension of Gustav heard his orders as they used the power, he lend to them to break through space and time and create Dimensional Fractures as well!

His goal? He was going to flood this dimension with his endless shadow body and try to devour it from the inside out before he could get destroyed!

"Unggh…! T-This bastard is doing such a thing?!" asked the Dimensional Core, shocked!

"You thought I would die so easily, Dimensional Core?!" roared the Dimensional Ruler, as his endless darkness began to suddenly overwhelm all of Gustav's Dimension, devouring the very fabric of reality within it!

"And did you thought that I, as a Summoner, wouldn't be able to deal with such a little problem now that I have Dimensional Power with me?" asked Gustav.

"EH?!" the Dimensional Ruler suddenly felt an enormous feeling of dread!

Gustav within his Divine Realm waved his hands as he spent a pile of Orbs, he had accumulated this entire time, but he also infused Dimensional Energy into the very Gacha, and hacked it!

"Gacha Summon!"

FLAAAAAAAASSSSHHH!

Suddenly, hundreds of Summoning Jewels began to emerge one after another around the entire of Gustav's Dimension, summoning all sorts of entities that were made by fusing Gustav's fictional characters from his novels!

Hundreds- no, thousands of these powerful entities continued to fuse with one another and multiply as Gustav constantly used Dimensional to hijack his own System and suddenly take complete control over the very core of its functions!

The Great One Above All Creation, using his authority, was about to revoke Gustav of his power!

However, just as he was to try that Gustav hacked his own System and made it his own power, an extension of his very will!

"Impossible! He stole the System from me?!"

The old man roared in complete and utter surprise!

"Dimensional Core, Gaia, Mars, and all the planets, combine!"

Gustav suddenly created a connection with Gaia, Mars, the Dimensional Core, and the other planets of his Divine Realm…

But for what reason?

All of the planets suddenly resonated with their World Origin Core energy, infusing themselves into Gustav.

Gustav then redirected this power and quickly made a connection with many planets all around his own Dimension.

And then, from the planets to the stars, the black holes, the galaxy cores, and then, the universal cores!

FLAAAASH!

Countless cores all across his dimension began to resonate through his special method, using the very planets and the star of his solar system as his starting point and pillar for such dimensional connection!

Something that the Dimensional Core had never been capable of doing was done in mere seconds, unify all the independent cores around her entire body!

Her power suddenly skyrocketed by a quadrillionth fold, and beyond!

"So many Cores resonating within me, all willing to cooperate?! Gustav…! You've done what I have not been able to do all this time…" muttered the Dimensional Core.

"I am actually surprised in myself that it actually worked!" laughed Gustav.

Gustav's endless summons merged with his gacha summons constantly, becoming giant entities of various powers merged together, they began to fill the Dimension and attack the invaders, pushing them all back to the Abyssal Dimension, and closing the Dimensional Fractures, while healing them by using their very bodies!

The entire Dimension felt relieved now as the Dimensional Fractures started to heal one after another, her power was now stabilizing and not being drained away by the Dimensional Ruler of the Abyssal Dimension!

Meanwhile, inside of this entity's dimension, Gustav's summons were also powering up greatly and unleashing incredibly devastating attacks combined with Gustav's endless onslaught of summoned attacks!

"Primordial Cosmic Chaos!" roared Kireina, as she unlashed the power of her primordial chaos in all its splendor, now that she had the power of a whole Dimension, this was more than possible!

TRUUUUUMMMM…!

As massive fracture in the dimension emerged as endless all-consuming chaos began to spread everywhere, turning into countless caterpillars that began to devour the Fabric of Reality within the Dimensional Membrane, growing fat, and then turning into cocoons to later evolving into glorious Primordial Chaos butterflies that started to fly everywhere, consuming everything!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 282 - The Power Of The Summon Army!


-----

As Kireina's amazing performance shocked even the Dimensional Ruler, she wasn't alone, Anna at her side began to unleash her powers as well!

The second wife of Gustav unleashed her complete powers as black and red lightning answered her call, fusing it with phantom and blood, and the dimensional power, she formed a massive axe made of these elements materialized together, swinging it with all her mighty!

"OOORRRAAAA!"

SLAAAAAASSSSSHH!

A powerful slash from this massive Dimensional Axe suddenly generated a massive Dimensional Fracture, making the Dimensional Ruler groan in even more agony as countless layers of Fabric of Reality were cut off in an instant!

CRAAAASSSSHHH!

Dimensional Lightning, Blood, Phantom, and more converged together into a complete destruction as it began to crush through all attempts for the Dimensional Ruler to stop her!

"Hehe, let's make it all golden!" laughed Vudia.

She suddenly touched the Fabric of Reality within the dimension, as the fabric of reality was suddenly warped by a logic-defying power… and the very dimensional membrane turned into gold!

Yes… pure gold!

"Unnghhh?!"

The Dimensional Ruler had never felt such a strange sensation before, which was something akin to petrification, but based in gold! All areas of the dimension turned into gold simply lost all their power, as the gold itself shone brightly and sparkled with beautiful brilliance!

The very light of the gold also made the shadows making up the body of this entity groaning agony as if they were being burned alive!

"Let's go, Gaia." Said Ervas, as he called upon his Life Spirit, Gaia, as a beautiful girl made of plants emerged at his side, the two fused their power together as countless wooden tree roots began to expand all around the darkness, life was being infused into this eternal darkness, much like Vudia's gold was like the light.

Light and life combined together and beautifully began to fill the entire dimension with brilliance, as Kireina's chaos and Anna's Lightning devoured it all!

Xijun as well cooperated with everyone, as her powers were infused with the dimensional energies of the Dimensional Core… this was something she would never be able to do herself as she as the Key wasn't able to utilize herself to acquire this power, she needed an User, and not even her grandfather with all his power was able to wield her dimensional power, but Gustav here… he was the one capable of using it!

In fact, Gustav had already previously showed how he was capable of absorbing all sorts of other Dimensional Energies like nothing, so using this power wasn't something impossible for him now.

He transferred this dimensional power back to her, and she was finally able to use the potential within her to the very maximum limits! An ocean emerged to her very will! An ocean of stars, planets, galaxies, nebulas, and more!

The ocean expanded widely as it consumed the Fabric of Reality, monstrous sea creatures showed up as well, billions of them started to swim through the oceans and attack the Dimensional Ruler's endless shadow army!

A war of dimensional proportions was being unleashed, but the Dimensional Ruler of the Abyssal Dimension was already struggling to even stand up!

His entire body was fragmenting, and his invasion ended in a complete failure!

But Gustav and he were still in a stalemate… the two's powers… was barely enough to negate one another…

His Summons were already doing everything they could, Xijun as well, the summons of the gacha inside the dimension were also unleashing all their power and making sure to keep the dimensional fractures close with all their might!

Seemingly, both forces were cancelling one another's, and a stalemate was happening now!

Gustav required another turning point!

And it came right now as the Dimensional Breach Skill was once more used by three mysterious figures!

Wait… they were little girls?!

"Pap!"

"Dadaaa!"

"Uwah! W-Why am I here?!"

Two adorable babies showed up, one was a half-fairy and the other, a half-squirrel-kin!

Gustav's eyes opened wide open, it was his daughters and… a blonde girl with aquamarine eyes?

This was… wasn't this the farmer girl, Alicia?!

"Valentina, Francesca, what are you doing here?! It's dangerous! And why did you brought Alicia with you?!" asked Gustav.

Suddenly, the voice of his daughters resonated across Gustav's mind!

"Papa, we want to help!"

"We wanna help beat baddie!"

"M-My daughters… you can already speak… telepathically?!" asked Gustav in shock.

"We got new power!"

"Help daddy!"

The two girls flew towards Gustav as they touched his shoulders, as Alice trembled in horror as she looked all around herself, why was she even brought here anyways?!

"W-Why am I here? What is this place?!" She cried.

The Dimensional Core, of course, realized her potential!

"Ah…! A Beast Tamer Queen?! The single one born in this entire Dimension! Good thinking, little girls!" said the Dimensional Core.

"W-What was that voice?!" asked Alice.

The little girls touched Gustav's shoulder and then extended their dimensional power to Alicia, as Alicia's power resonated, her talent suddenly evolved countless times in a split of a second, as her mind was suddenly enlightened!

Gustav realized that the potential of this farmer girl was greater than he had thought, could this perhaps had been also fated to have meet her back then?

Her powers suddenly resonated into a stream of power and intent into the Outer Dimensional Void, which was like the outer space where the many Dimensions floated!

TRUUUUUUUMMM…!

And out of nowhere, an enormous claw suddenly clashed over the Abyssal Dimension!

CLAAAAAASSSSSH!

"W-What the?! Ah…! A-A Dimensional Beast?!" cried the Dimensional Ruler of the Abyssal Dimension, realizing the terrifying truth!

Alicia's senses suddenly found themselves elsewhere, in the outer Dimensional Void, where a single beast answered her call!

A Dimensional Beast!

Dimensional Beasts were beings that traveled across Dimensions freely, they were the wild monsters of this dangerous Outer Dimensional Void, it was said that the strongest of them traveled into dimensions to devour whole Universes, while others even snacked into the Dimensional Membranes of Dimensions as if they were freely available meals…

And now, Alicia had brought one to help using her evolved talent!

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 283 - An Endless Army! Devouring An Entire Dimension!


-----

An enormous lion made up of countless stars, galaxies, and universes which it had devoured over eons rested over a bubble, a dimension, sleeping peacefully for billions of years.

However, a sudden call for help reached it.

It was a mystical voice like it had never heard before, a legendary figure that was only born once in a dimension, but incredibly rarely!

A Beast Tamer Queen!

This Beast Tamer Queen was provided with Dimensional Energy, and her power evolved countless times to the point it was even able to lure this beautiful Primordial Dimensional Lion!

The creature leaped out of the bubble it was resting on, using Dimensional Breach, and landing right above the darkened dimension, the Abyssal Dimension.

It heads the call of its Queen and quickly came to help.

"ROAR!"

It swung its enormous claws capable of slashing through dimensions, as it easily formed a gigantic fracture in the entirety of the dimension, and it continued to slash and bite against the dimensional membrane, easily tearing it apart and weakening the Dimensional Ruler!

The Dimensional Core from Gustav's Dimension felt shocked as everyone suddenly received the help of such a powerful companion!

Alicia looked up as she sensed the power of her new guardian!

"My Queen, I am here to serve you!" it said pridefully. Although she felt chills run through her spine, she also felt enlightened.

"Wow…" she said. She couldn't help but said such words, as she was only a little child.

Meanwhile, Francesca and Valentina also unleashed their mysterious powers, which were still awakening as they absorbed dimensional energy! As they were half summons, they immediately received this power and unlashed it!

FLASH!

BOOOOOOMMM!!!

Two massive beams of darkness and chaos flew outside of the girls' little hands, pointing at the center of the entire Abyssal Dimension!

Feeling moved by the help of his entire family, Gustav gritted his teeth as he gathered his power and unleashed an ultimate attack, concentrating his mind into the interior of his dimension and then…!

"Supreme Summoning: Universal Rain!"

FLASH! FLASH! FLASH! FLASH!

Suddenly, above everyone else, enormous universes began to emerge, falling like meteors over the center of the Abyssal Dimension!

Yes, Universes!

Gustav was ridiculously summoning Universes and throwing them as if they were projectiles without any care of the world!

Even the Dimensional Core felt speechless as she saw such an insane thing occur!

"W-What are you doing?!" she asked.

"Don't worry! I had already summoned all the life within them into my Divine Realm, which had expanded billions of times and turned into a gigantic Dimension by itself at this point!" laughed Gustav.

"A-Amazing…!" muttered the Dimensional Core, even she was surprised by Gustav's incredible feats, he was defying all logic at every passing second!

"Y-You're… throwing Universes at me?!" cried the Dimensional Ruler, as he began to finally be torn apart, the enormous explosions caused by entire Universes clashing over his core was too much! He began to shatter into pieces, his very mind was fragmenting, his very self was… disappearing!

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

The constant onslaught of attacks from every side was too overwhelming!

The monstrous Dimensional Ruler began to regret all of his actions now, his foolish instincts got the best out of him at the end, and he was now paying for such a mistake.

"Nnnggh…! GRRRRYYYYYAAAAAAAAHHHH…!!!"

"Die." Said Gustav, his eyes unleashed a strong dimensional light, as the agonizing scream of a Dimensional Ruler being killed by a mere Supreme God resonated all across the Vast Dimensional Expanse!

The Great One Above All Creation looked in utter disbelief at the scene in the commodity of his Dimensional Realm, calling for who was the traitor, but receiving absolutely no answers other than his loyal subordinates saying that they had no idea!

BOOOOOOOMMMM!!!

The entire Abyssal Dimension suddenly exploded, fragmenting into countless pieces which Gustav caught masterfully with his Intent, which he then devoured into his own soul!

FLAAAASH!

The enormous power of having devoured an entire Dimension and its Dimensional Ruler rushed through his very being, as overwhelming power quickly made his power rise towards completely new levels!

In a mere instant, a permanent connection with his Dimensional Core happened, and he… was crowned as a new Dimensional Ruler!

A loud announcement reverberated across the Vast Dimensional Expanse; countless Dimensional Rulers heard his words!

"Great One Above All Creation, You're Next!"

RUMBLE!

The entire Vast Dimensional Expanse was left speechless!

"Who is this bold bastard?"

"How dare he threaten a Dimensional Ruler!"

"You think we'll let you do as you please?!"

"You're messing with the wrong entities!"

"We dominate Dimensions, and you're a mere golden fish that just got outside into the sea, you're not going to last even a single dimensional year!"

Not only of the Great One Above All Creation, but against all of his allies and even other Dimensional Rulers that were unrelated but offended, Gustav suddenly made an enemy of many with mere words!

But he was fine with it, after all, they were all his steppingstones to reach the one at the top and slay him!

And then, he heard it.

The Great One Above All Creation raged!

"You insolent maggot! I created you! And you dare defy me?! Alright then! Come at me, I doubt you'll even get past the first Dimensional Layer anyways! Pathetic ant!"

His words were defiant, and he was clearly pissed now!

Gustav smiled.

He finally got an answer!

And he finally heard the voice of this bastard!

However, although there were many Dimensional Rulers that didn't liked him… a few of them smiled at his words.

In specific, within an incredibly cold and powerful Dimension, a Frost Queen looked at what was happening in the Outer Dimensional Void with interest in her cold eyes...

"What an interesting young man…"

Many other Dimensional Rulers were also surprised by Gustav's power and new abilities, which seemed to defy logic itself…

And a young-looking man with white hair and holding a floating, blue-colored cubic-shaped jewel looked down into everything going on through a system-like projection.

"Excellent… You've exceeded my expectations, Gustav…"

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 284 - Dimensional Divergence!


-----

The Great One Above All Creation was a Title given to a Dimensional Ruler who had reached the pinnacle in their Rank.

Dimensional Rulers have several middle Ranks, the same crap as the Divinities of Gods and so on.

The Great One Above All Creation is a Title given to a Dimensional Ruler that has reached the peak of this "Realm"… But to think there are even greater beings out there made me realize how infinitely vast all of Existence might be.

Yeah, its me, Gustav, by the way.

As of now, I've been mostly assessing everything that has been going on since I ate that ink stain out of existence. What an annoying guy, seriously, he really made me go all out.

But even myself couldn't believe what I was capable of doing.

In that moment, it felt like I was already reaching somewhere that I had never reached before.

The ticket that I was once gifted by this entity that had begun toe Dimensional Apocalypse… this damned old bastard… the System that came out of it, and all the hardships I once had…

All of these adventures I had after that, and the many hardships I had to go through, in that moment I felt as if all of that was coming together.

In those moments I was exceeding my limits and began to reach a potential I never thought I could reach before.

I had somehow managed to bring forth a hidden force within the System itself, which was only waiting for me to break the last barrier and grab it.

After that, I realized that… Hey, it was actually possible to kill this guy if I put all my effort.

At the end, I was mildly wrong, if it wasn't for all my companions and the friends I made along the way, I wouldn't had been able to defeat this Dimensional Ruler.

Even my daughters helped, and even more surprisingly, the friend of my daughters.

It was all just incredible.

Even today I cannot believe how it all went like this.

I often look back and realize that I had come a long way from those times when I was writing web novels and making a living out of it.

With no apparent path ahead other than making money to live comfortably as an old man…

Living with my cat… watching anime, reading novels, and eating tasty food.

It was a simple life, but I took joy in such a thing at the end.

I am really happy my cat is still with me after all of that though, the little Cuco had truly become a legendary creature by now. He even fused with me in my last battle, and I felt a connection with him like nothing else before.

I guess he's really like… my first companion in life, this little cat that always stuck with me no matter what. Now he's enormous… Although I think he might be able to turn back into a smaller form if he wants to.

"Meow…"

"You knew I was thinking about you?"

"Purrr…"

Cuco began to purr as I rested at his side, he was so big now that the vibrations of his purring made my entire body tremble, nonetheless, he was still a lovely cat.

Well, I also never thought I would have two daughters out of all the sudden… all these things that had happened… they all feel like a dream to me, but they're real.

After all of this and more, here we are…

I looked into the vastness of my won Divine Realm.

I had already completely merged it with my Dimension and the Dimension and I were a single being now, the Divine Realm naturally became the Dimension itself.

But even bigger.

The System that I got was merged with my own soul and every power within it can be controlled by me now, using it alongside the powers of the Dimensional Core, I was able to unleash unprecedented powers.

Using these powers, I was able to expand the Dimension even further, making it several times its original size.

But why? Well, the grind is still on. Dimensional Rulers must expand their dimensions to grow stronger.

Using the System's powers, I am able to slowly do this the same way my Divine Realm slowly expanded as I grew strong.

Devouring another Dimension also helped, I guess.

Countless Universes showed up before me.

I was currently sitting over one right now.

Universes emerge like bubbles, containing countless Galaxies inside.

There is the Universal Membrane, which covers all these Universes and stick them together in such a manner.

Sitting over a Universe is no easy feat! But it is not hard either.

Ah, by the way, this is my Universe… the one where I was born, and the one where it all began.

To the side there's another a bit bigger Universe, that's where Xijun was born.

Despite being the Key to the Dimension's Power, I still consider her a person of her own, and a lovely girl at that.

I think our relationship had grown a bit more, and we are like family now. She's really like a little sister to me, and she knows it, I guess.

She probably also sees me as her big brother figure, maybe, or perhaps like an uncle? I wouldn't mind.

And there are my wives, Kireina and Anna… Although these names belong to ficitional characters, I recently discovered something very disturbing.

Well, in the vast Dimensional Expanse, there are things named Parallel Dimensions.

Although Dimensions are self-contained by themselves, there are many Parallels of them.

In the area where my Dimension is, there are no such things though, the entire Dimensional Cluster is just made of original Dimensions…

But there was one day when the Dimensional Core showed me the "map" of the Outer Dimensional Void…

It was a never-ending prism.

There is… no other correct way to think about it.

Every action in a Universe can trigger what's called Dimensional Divergence…

And that…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 285 - A New Dimensional Ruler, Gustav!


-----

And that… a Dimensional Convergence is when the Great Dimensional Origin of the Dimension divides itself naturally, and just like that, a new Dimension is born in a split of a second.

This means an endless amount of Parallel Dimensions.

There are many Dimensions where I could find parallel versions of myself.

Of course, none of them had achieved what I've done, so they're inferior.

And there are also parallel versions of my own… characters?

It is hard to think about it in other way than…

Wow.

It really is like these Marvel Comics…

There are even Dimensions that defy all logic and are completely different than our own.

Some Dimensions are completely alien, and others look like cartoon.

There are even anime-like Dimensions? What the heck?

There was even a Dimension made out of Pillows, with living pillow people…

Another Dimension I had checked had a never-ending Zombie Apocalypse that spread across the entire Universe, and now, that very virus is threatening other Dimensions as it had grown so powerful it had begun to spread to nearby Dimensions…

There are other Dimensions where… the characters I had created in my books are real.

Their stories exist.

All I had written was there, in real life.

I couldn't believe it when I saw it through projections.

Kireina, Ervas and Veronica, Noah, Frank, Drake and Benladann, even Chaos… All of them existed, and were fighting right now against their enemies, yet to reach the level I had.

I don't know how to feel…

This Parallel Dimension where all the creations I had once written were all real felt like a dream.

I kept looking at it through the powers I now had, without wanting to interfere because I somehow had faith on them.

I had yet to finish their stories, but now I really don't want to.

I want to see the ending now, as they slowly build it.

I felt like a writer that had found his works being real… and it really feels like a fairy tale come true in some sort of bizarre way.

I wonder what's the trigger that created this Dimension.

Or… could it be? Am I and my summons the real Parallel versions of them, while they're actually the originals?

Then who is the original?

It is very unknown, not even the Dimensional Core could guess that.

She doesn't have a clue, whatsoever.

It just all "exist", and that's the only thing I can know…

Seeing Parallel versions of myself being a woman, or being a successful Amazon writer, or being the son of a rich CEO didn't surprised me as much as seeing the Parallel version of Kireina, Anna, and all of them.

But I suppose they're the "real" ones while the ones with me are my own creations through my powers… which had slowly become their own persons and people.

It still feels weird to think about it, but everyone after a long time of learning this had decided to take upon new names. It might be a bit hard to get used to them, but they're usually fine by being called with their previous names as well.

I suppose some of them had a sort of "identity crisis" a little bit… Kireina and Anna joked around about it for a while but ultimately also felt rather affected by it, and I helped them on getting over it slowly, with love and care.

After some time, they decided that it was for the best to simply call themselves differently, they're still looking for fitting names, so it will take a while for them to decide in something.

For now, things had stabilized, and the power of my Summons had also been increasing steadily, absorbing Dimensional Energy had made them all advance to Pseudo Dimensional Rulers, although they had yet to conquer a dimension and assimilate it into their own cores to make themselves true Dimensional Rulers.

But by working together and channeling the power of my own Dimensional Core, they can become just as strong as one, if not stronger.

Ah, but well, who cares about fighting? We already fought so much; I really want a big break.

Like, of several years if possible.

I just want to enjoy life as it is, without worrying all the time about fighting.

Time between dimensions is very different, but now that I am a Dimensional Ruler, I can just accelerate the time of my dimension a lot, and make it incredibly fast compared to outside.

What will this make? Well, everything outside is in incredibly slow motion.

This way I can spend even hundreds of years without having to worry… I can finally relax, sit down, and enjoy my life while slowly learning all these things I have to learn as a new Dimensional Ruler from the Dimensional Core, who had become like my mentor…

She, Gaia, and Mars had become a trio of annoying floating spheres always telling me what I need to learn about and blah, blah, blah…

I mean, I understand them, I know they're worried about my future and what's to come… So while living a life with my family, I am also focusing on this.

The never-ending Prism of possibilities that become Parallel Dimensions is something you never stop learning about… so many Dimensions…

But at the very least, there are Areas, and the Area where our current fight will happen is in this Vast Dimensional Expanse, a Cluster of millions of Dimensions dominated by several Great Ones Above All Creation.

Amongst these guys, the one that fused my dimension with others to make an Apocalypse is there.

Of course, now that I took over the Dimension, it stopped being part of the Ragnarök, while the other Dimensions still are, and I can even observe them destroy one another, it is not pretty though.

I want to stop this; I won't let this bastard get away with this…

Even more after I learned from someone else that this entire thing was just a show to him and countless other Dimensional Rulers.

Indeed…

-----

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





Chapter 286 - The End Of A Journey And The Beginning Of Another


-----

They all gathered around this event and bet for who might result as the winner, the tickets for Supreme Systems are given to a random person in the dimensions so they're the ones people can vote for.

Apparently, I was one of the people that everyone was voting the most for due to my feats, but at the end I scared them all when I just killed a Dimensional Ruler out of nowhere…

And it all comes down to this scheme, a conspiracy against the Great One Above All Creation that orchestrated this entire thing named Primogenio… And it was orchestrated by nobody else than his own servants, someone that was in charge of making the tickets, someone that has been loyal to him all this time suddenly screwed everything.

It resulted in that the bastard had put limiters to the System, he obviously wanted us to grow stronger quick, but not to the point where we could surpass him.

But this person took away that limiter and even added a shortcut to more power, near endless power which I am still… barely grasping.

There might be more Players in the future, people with just as amazing abilities that will show up once and change the entire Dimensional Expanse…

"Dear, it's ready, come eat with us…"

I heard the voice of Kireina, as I quickly teleported back to where we were before.

Indeed, the place where my Divine Realm was, the entire area of it, suddenly became a self-contained Universe too, which had continued to grow a lot.

However, the same grassy plains, the beautiful forests, and our house remain the same…

I might be overpowered but I still like a simple life.

My wives greeted while sitting around the table, there were my other friends here, and summons as well. Some of them might had not participated in the fight against the Abyssal Dimensional Ruler, but they did participate against the invaders and helped a lot.

Ervas and Vudia were here as well, and of course, Alicia and her parents were invited too. I never thought this girl would end up helping so much, she even brought a new ally in a powerful Dimensional Beast.

"Dear, the food's ready, let's eat together." Said Kireina.

"Been a while since we had such a big party… Let's enjoy and relax." Said Anna.

"Yeah, I want to take it easy, even if for a little bit..." I said.

"Papa!"

"Dada!"

The two babies sat down over my lap, my little girls had grown a little bit ever since being born, I can't believe it has already been a year since then, the two just became a year old a month ago.

"Ah, my little princesses, how are you doing?" I asked.

"Hungry!" said Fran.

"Mama made meat…" said Valentina.

"I-I see, I guess you're going straight to the point, alright…" I giggled, as I petted and kissed their foreheads.

While enjoying the breeze and the warm of the sun atop the skies, we relaxed and began to eat to our heart's content.

Emotions began to bubble inside of my heart, as I smiled warmly.

"I am very happy to have found you all… And I am very happy of what I've achieved… All of you… are a precious part of my life… Especially you two, girls, and well… these two other girls as well." I said, as I spoke to everyone, but then referred to my wives and my daughters.

"Gustav…" said Kireina.

"Hehe, you're getting corny again…" said Anna.

"Papa, I wuv you too!" said Fran.

"Let's eat!" said Valentina.

"Haha, am I getting too corny already? Sorry, sorry, alright, let's eat!" I laughed.

I suppose this journey had just begun; I wonder what other things awaits me in the future…

-----

A council of many entities sat down around a frozen table.

There was a domineering woman leading the entire meeting.

Her beauty was rather incredible, her pale-white skin was like porcelain, her beautiful aquamarine eyes shone with bright cold light, her long azure hair reached her ankles, long and silky, and she wore a crown made of ice, and a beautiful blue dress.

Around her there were various other figures.

A man with pale-purple skin, two black horns in his forehead, and crimson-red eyes, wearing black and purple armor, and possesing a long and silky red hair, like a mane. His entire aura emanated a powerful demonic presence.

An entity that would be easily confused by a pile of colorful pillows, it was a strange and bizarre entity, some might call it "a golem made of pillows", but there wasn't a better way to describe a creature that had a lightly humanoid form… it seemed rather out of place, but its presence was still incredibly strong.

There were other figures sitting around the table, but the leader of the entire meeting was obviously this woman, this cold, icy woman emanating such a cold aura that it could easily freeze time itself…

And well, there was another man.

A normal-looking human with black hair, mildly tanned skin, and bright eyes.

He sat down casually in front of the frost queen, right at the other side of the table.

And he couldn't help but notice the enormous spiral of flames outside the frozen castle where they were.

In this pilar of flames, there was a beautiful egg floating in the middle of it, emanating a strong divine presence…

What could this mysterious egg be?

"Thank you for assisting to my meeting, everyone." said the Frost Queen.

"I am concerned about something, Frost Queen." Said the demon-like man.

"Demon King of Ruin, yes?" asked the Frost Queen.

"Why is that man here?" asked the Demon King of Ruin, pointing at the human holding a golden spear.

"Huh? Me?" he asked innocently.

"Yes, you! You killed a Dimensional Ruler in front of everyone… you're someone being chased down by many! Why are you even here?!" asked the demon.

"Well, she called me… She said we could become allies. I am in dire need to make a group of friends." Said the man, rather casually.

Everyone around the meeting was left speechless, he was way too casual for the figure he was…

"Anyways, what's that egg?" he wondered.

-----

And with today's mass release, Epic of Summoner has finally come to an end! I have also left four Side Chapters for the upcoming Sequel that might arrive very far in the future that can be read by those loyal enough to have purchased all chapters, thank you very much for the few supporters of this book.

This wasn't my best novel, but it made me learn many new things and I still see it as one of my precious children, I hope that anyone that hasn't read it give it a chance, it might be a nice binge read.. Once more, thank you all for reading it.

Enhance your reading experience by removing ads for as low as $1!

Remove Ads From $1





